The easy, breezy memories of summer break have all but evaporated into the
soupy atmosphere. As you walk from class to class, you imagine popsicles
and refreshing beverages replacing the heavy and cumbersome textbooks in
your knapsack. Instead of underwear you seem to be wearing...a swimsuit, or
is it your birthday suit after all? You find yourself easily distracted in
conversations- a friend asks you to share what occupies your mind, and your
reply is somewhat garbled:
llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllantysiliogogogoch. What was that?
You try again: I was just imagining having gills to better process this
thick air. Suddenly, you are transformed.

Murky pond water now obscures your vision, as you swim- yes, you are
swimming!- to a looming figure overhead. Merlyn's beard! It's..well,
Merlyn. "Education is experience, and the essence of experience is
self-reliance," says the wizard, "but don't stay in the water too long."

For the Outing Club trips this week:

On Friday (9/11), at 4PM, Maryam*, your second semester gear princess
extraordinaire, is going to the Vassar Farm and Ecological Preserve for a
lovely walk about and tour of summer flora. Find out why she wants to live
in Alaska forever, and email her at  with the subject
line WALKIN' ON SUNSHINE

On Saturday (9/12), at 8:30AM, Hubert*, one of your capable and fearless
presidents, will take you kayaking in the catskills. Don't miss this
opportunity to hear about hiking in Hawaii as you let your worries float
down the river. Kayaks are provided and all costs covered. If you have a
car and are willing to transport people, you have a spot on the trip! Email
Hubert at  with the subject line DON'T FLOAT THE
MAINSTREAM

Also on Saturday (9/12), at 11:30AM, Kat*, a fun fish, is adventuring to
Splitrock. Expect a short hike, soothing views, and cold water in which to
flounder. Do you like ice cream? Rumor has it there may be a stop in New
Paltz for ice cream. Email her at  with the subject
line ARE YOU A WIZARD NOW

On Sunday (9/13), at 5AM yes 5AM, Taylor*, a beautiful spirit
and adventuresome voc president, will greet you bright and early, and hopes
you will accompany her to see the sunrise at Bonticou. We can't think of a
better way to cap off the weekend, and you won't want to miss this gorgeous
view and peaceful experience. Find out what it is like to feed goats, and
email her at  with the subject line SONRISA AT SUNRISE

Also on Sunday (9/13), at 10AM, Hubert*, wants you to get to know Vassar a
little better by venturing out to the farm with him and exploring  the fun
network of short trails. If you missed the Friday farm flowers,  you're in
luck. Maybe Hubert will tell you about his favorite blooms.**Meet in front
of Skinner Hall and email  with the subject line
FUNERAL POPPIES

On Monday (9/14), at 5:45AM, Hubert*, will be back at it, this time with a
sunrise bike ride to the Walkway Over the Hudson. A beautiful view and fun
experience are pretty much guaranteed, and he promises to have you back
before your earliest 8:30 or 9AM class. You must have your own bike. Email
 with the subject line SLEEP IS FOR THE WEEK

Also on Monday (9/14), at 3PM, Taylor*, and company, will take you on a
swimming expedition in search of the coolest local watering holes. Bring
some food and enjoy an evening picnic and swim! Keep your eyes open for
Merlyn, and learn from the ways of the carp. Email Taylor at
 with the subject line JUST ADD WATER

All trips meet in front of Main building unless otherwise noted. Your
leader will meet you at the designated time.

Please inform leaders if you have a car and are willing to help
transport. Gas and expenses are reimbursable

Kat wants to know if anyone is interested in forming an Outing Club
intramural soccer team. No experience necessary, just for fun. If
interested, email her pronto with a subject line of your choosing

Did you know? The phrase "I have a bad feeling about this" or "I have a
very bad feeling about this" is said in every
 Star Wars movie.
But we have a good feeling about this week's trips.


We’re not feeling incredibly articulate this morning, the words to explain
the “Great Outdoors” just aren’t on the tips of our tongues. So instead
we’ll leave you with a simple haiku. What should you gleam from this
amalgamation of words? Our trips this week are stellar, so make sure to
check them out!

Muddy hiking boots,
granola, and layers; is it
time to go outside?


On Saturday (4/9) @ 10:30 am: Hubert, our handkerchief-wearing (and
rocking) bud, will be driving over to Sprout Creek Farm! I’m sure you’re
parents explained to you where babies come from, but do you know where
goats come from? You will soon. This is your chance to hang out with our
favorite hairy and hoofed four-legged friends, if you’re lucky maybe two
goats will even chew on your hand at the same time! If you want to tag
along, email  with the subject line: WILL IT BE
UDDERLY FUN?

On Saturday (4/9) @ 1:00-3:00 pm: Charlie, our leader with the contagious
smile, will be partnering up with the Environmental Cooperative at the
Vassar Barns for a sunset lake cleanup! Don’t lie, I know we’ve all had
erotic dreams about sinking our bare feet into the goop that coats the
bottom of sunset lake—this is our chance (and we’ll clean up some trash
along the way)! If you’d like to help out, email 
with the subject line: WHAT IF WE FIND A BODY?

On Saturday (4/9) @ 12:00-4:00 pm: Sailing Club, our arch-nemesis (just
joking, that’s definitely Ski Team), will be having an info session and a
swim test! Can you doggy paddle without sinking? Do you want to get out on
the Hudson River while sporting sperrys and vineyard vines? If you answered
yes, this is the event for you! Just show up (anytime between 12:00-4:00
pm) or if you have questions, email  with the subject
line: IS MY SAILING HIPNAUTIC?

On Sunday (4/10) @ 11:00 am: Brian, our towering climbing genius, will be
journeying over to Gravity Vault for some indoor rock climbing! Lace up
those climbing shoes, chalk up your callused hands, and make sure to clear
your schedules so you can tag along. Brian would also love to know if you
can belay: yes? no? maybe? someday? If you want to check it out, email
 with the subject line: WILL ROCK CLIMBING MAKE ME
BOULDER?

On Tuesday (4/12) @ 7:00 pm: Brian, our longhaired adventurer, will be
driving back over to Gravity Vault for another evening of indoor rock
climbing! Have you never checked out one of Brian’s rock climbing trips?
Are you addicted to the harnesses, the carabiners, and the chalk bags so
you go every week? We’ll accept either end of the spectrum, but trust me
you want to get in on this trip. Again, let Brian know if you can belay! If
you’d like to go, email  with the subject line: WILL
THIS BY KNOTTY?

On Wednesday (4/13) @ 5:30 am: Allegra and Emily, our golden state gals
(that’s California kids), will be heading out on a sunrise hike! They’ll
be tiredly tromping around 6 miles on the “Trapps Trail” over by New Paltz.
Is it called “Trapps Trail” because unsuspecting undergraduates get
trapped there in the early hours of the dawn? We couldn’t tell you, guess
you’ll just have to go to find out. If you want to snag a spot, email
 with the subject line: CAN WE PLAY TRAP QUEEN?

On Wednesday (4/13) @ 7:00 pm: Brian (come on guys, does he need another
introduction?) will be venturing over to Gravity Vault for another
night of indoor
rock climbing! Not sure what else to say about these rock climbing trips,
so instead we’ll just list some fun rock climbing vocab: bouldering,
top-roping, figure-eight knot. Did those words entice you? Guess the
takeaway is that you should definitely go indoor rock climbing! Again
again, if you can belay please let Brian know. If you want to nab a place
in the car, email  with the subject line: WHY IS GRAVITY
VAULT IS SO GNEISS?

Just a reminder: there’s a whole gaggle of great kids behind these
emails; if you want to help us plan our next adventure, the Outing Club has
meetings every Wednesday @ 9:30 pm in our Cushing lair (it’s in the
basement closer to Kenyon). These meetings are super open, we’d love to
have anyone/everyone stop by to check them out!

Did you know? Sharks are immune to all known diseases (wow, what great
creatures). 


Dearest current and future dedicated VOCers,

If you are a leader, would like to be a leader, want to propose a trip
idea, or simply want to show us how excited you are about the VOC by gracing
us with your presence, come to Cushing basement (the Kenyon side) tonight
at 9:30! For future reference, our leader meetings are held every week,
same time, same place..Rain or Shine (or even when Homework is Falling


After a fabulous first week of farmstands, classic hikes, big rocks, little
rocks, spontaneous swimming, still green trees and marathon mileages, our
voracious leaders are back for more. If you didn't get out last weekend,
you better not waste any time, or the LAST WEEK of SUMMER 2014 will pass
you by...

So if you're itching for some of that Hudson Valley heaven, stay tuned for
round two..

On Friday 9/19*, Kevin & Co. are heading down to..wait for it..WEST
POINT (dun dun dunn) to capitalize on their sweet set-up for some sport
climbing. He's got the trads, and you've got the rest. He's leaving 10:30AM
and has limited space, so get on that quick. Email  with
the subject line "ARMY MULES CLIMB BETTER."

Another crop of climbers will again be joining Kevin et al. later in the
afternoon on Friday if you can snag a seat with them, because clearly
Angelo and friends are feeling fashionably late on Fridays (or maybe just
have class, you say?). Email  with "AFTERNOON ANCHORING".

Also on Friday*, join Alex on an adventure to Sam's Point, where if you're
lucky enough you might glimpse the ice caves, and maybe, if you squint your
eyes, you'll see a wee plume of campfire smoke rising from the trees where
someone, somewhere, is willing you to come roast marshmallows and hone your
skills with a Sam Splint. Email , with the subject
"FIRE AND ICE."

on Saturday 9/20*, Ali will be breaking the ice in Phonecia for some
long-awaited TUBING (WHATTT???) at Esopus Creek
, where you may or may not be
taking your life out of your own hands...but hey, you only live once! She
needs to know by Friday morning if you'd like to come. Email
, "SAFELY WALK TO SCHOOL WITHOUT A SOUND."

Also on Saturday, leaving at 10am (it's a big day, everyone), Mary will
be taking a stroll at Mills Mansion in Staatsburg, because she's gotta have
that leisurely fix. Bring your cameras and your rose-colored glasses,
'cause it's gonna be GORGEOUS. Email  w/ the subject
line "MILLING ABOUT."

Also on Saturday*, I'll be heading to the Catskills to hike Overlook
Mountain (cool ruins and fire tower to follow, and perhaps some swimming),
to beat the last day of summer from a very high place. Leaving at 8am
from Main circle, email me at  with the subject
"OF MOUNTAINS AND MEN."

on Sunday, 9/21, Nathan is leading a Plant and Mushroom Identification
walk on the farm. Meet him at Main at 3 pm to talk about proper plant and
mycology etiquette before heading over to wander the woods. Email
 with the subject "I LOVE MYCOLOGY!"

Also on Sunday*, 9/21,--if you haven't already heard--join the Vassar
Earth Science and Geography department, the Vassar Greens, and many other
wonderful folks at the People's Climate March in NYC. They'll be gathering
at 46th and Madison at 10:30 am.

PHEW

On Tuesday, 9/23*, Ali will be heading to the Inner Wall again, leaving at 6
pm*. She will also be returning, or perhaps going outside this time,
on Thursday,
9/25 at 5 pm*. Email  with the subject, "I'LL BE A
REGULAR."

On Wednesday, 9/24*, I will try out my first sunrise of the semester
(well, second, after today..) at Bonticou crag. The rocks will scramble
you into shape at 5 am*. Email me at ,
<> subject line "NEVER TOO EARLY."

And, for the grand finale..

Also on Wednesday*, Hailey will be making her stunning debut outing, a
"wog" (that commbination walk and jog) at Norrie Point, leaving at 4 pm*.
Email  with the subject line "FISH ARE FRIENDS NOT
FOOD."

Well, it's getting late. And homework is literally falling from the sky and
I'm cursing a certain professor (but mostly myself) for keeping me up all
night, so let's get to it. Keep your eyes peeled and your afternoons free
this coming week for VOC tabling and MERCH in the College Center, so that
you may find direction in a soft, stylish eco-tee. And don't forget to join
us every wednesday night at 9:30 in Cushing basement for the the next
edition of Anything Other Than the Most Embarrassing Moment
onnee!!! Not AGAIN! And perhaps, if we're lucky*, the chance to
meet our next, very classy cocktail-concocting naked bartender.



The autumn equinox has passed and now it is officially the time of
delicious cider doughnuts and orange coloured things! Whether conjuring
mystical spirits with chief druid Arthur Pendragon or scaling intense
hills, its a perfect time to be outdoors with other weirdos chanting
strange songs. This week:

On Saturday at 8AM*, Kevin will be leading a hike to Westkill Mountan in
the Catskills. The internet tells me it has one of, if not the best view in
the Catskills, and who would lie on the internet? It is a ~7 mile hike with
1500' of elevation gain. If you are interested, email 
<> with the subject line, KILL YOUR BOREDOM

On Sunday also at 8AM*, mycologist extraordinaire Nathan is going to Locust
Grove with the Mid-Hudson Mycological Society to collect some fungi.
During the year, Locust Grove is off limits to mushroom hunting so this is
a very special event since it is the one day of the year where you can
collect as many delicious things as your heart desires.

<> with the subject line MORE MORELS

This weekend, Angelo is contemplating a trip up to the grand rocks in Rumney,
NH to do some sport climbing at the best sport climbing destination this
side of the Mississippi. If Angelo fails to muster a big enough group :(,
then he will be taking out his sadness on Saturday and Sunday bouldering
outside in the just as lovely and much closer Gunks. 
<> with the subject line ROCKS ARE PEOPLE TOO

On Monday at 510AM*, Katie is going to brave the horrors of the morning
to lead a sunrise hike to Mt. Stissing in Pine Plains, NY. It is a very
short hike of ~2 miles and there is a lovely fire tower at the top so you
can watch the sun poke it's way over the hills and fill the valley with
light. Email > with the subject SHE
CAN TAKE THE SUNRISE

On Tuesday and Thursday*, at 5PM*, climbing addict Ali will be
going bouldering
indoors in New Paltz. If you spend all week just waiting to get your next
fix of verticality, you have found the right place. Email 
<> with the subject CLIMBING HOTLINE

Also on Tuesday and Thursday*, at 8AM*, Mary will be taking a morning
walk on the Walkway over the Hudson*. If you have never been, the walkway
is one of the best views in the Hudson Valley and best of all, it is 10
mins away from Vassar. Morning also means lovely fog and a personal
greeting from the sun. Email > with
the subject MORNING DEW

And just some advance notice so you can start clearing your schedules now,
next weekend College Outside is having a climbing festival at Brooklyn
Boulders in NY, one of the largest indoor gyms in the Eastern US. There
will be lots of events and maybe even crate stacking. Also next weekend,
Anthony and Tim are rearing to go on another backpacking trip to Hunter Mt.
in the catskills.



I'm going to reveal something to you right now, and it's the first time
I've ever written this down so prepare yourselves:
I'm not George Clooney.
I know what you're thinking...what?!? impossible!  Yes, we may both be from
the best state in the nation (SHOUT OUT TO KTUCK), and have impeccable bone
structure/facial features in general.  Once you're over the initial shock
though, you'll realize that it is in fact true, and that I'm just not him.
But if I was GC, and it was a couple of years ago and I had just finished
starring in the best movie ever with the best soundtrack ever aka O'
Brother Where Art Thou, I would probably tell you that journeys are
important.  As are banjos and yodeling.  And spending lots of time outside,
getting dirty, saying the word bonafide, giving props to Homer, and also
running into frogs and John Goodman.  Because oobviously those are the
main takeaways from that movie.

I would also tell you (more from me, not my alter ego George Clooney) that
earlier this week, as I watched the sun rise spectacularly over the Hudson
Valley and its surrounding mountains from the tippity top of the Stissing
fire tower with some great people, I realized (as I try to do as often as
possible) what an amazing place we live in, and how precious our time is
here.  SO before I start crying on my keyboard (oh wait I already am), I
should probably get to the trips. But I twuly hope that you get outside
this week and do a little adventuring in one of the country's most
beautiful backyards!  Especially while the fall colors are starting to do
their thing!

PS happy OCTOBER!! Countdown to ABC Fam's 13 days of Halloween if ya feel
me ;) ;) Here are this week's trips...

On Friday 10/3*, Leah will be sauntering across the Walkway, and she wants
you to come.  The Walkway is pretty great...and so is Leah.  I'm not trying
to tell other people's stories, but you should probably ask her about the
time she was accused of being a charging animal in the middle of the night
on the Vassar farm.  Now that I've tantalized you...she's leaving campus at
1:00pm.  Email  with the subject line STICK SNAPPIN'
CHARGING ANIMALS.

On Saturday 10/4*, Nathan aka Mr. fun-guy will be leading a fungi walk on
the Vassar farm.  What might this entail?  Let me tell you, because I have
a wealth of mushroom knowledge.  You might see a chicken of the garden, or
something like that.  From Nathan: "bring water, a basket, and a nice
attitude." Also, maybe wear orange, so y'all aren't mistaken for a herd of
deer rummaging around for supper.  Nathan is heading out at 11:00am, email
him at  with the header TWO MUSHROOMS WALK INTO A BAR.

Also on Saturday 10/4, Mary is going to Slabsides!  I could write an
entire novel about Slabsides, but just to give you a few highlights: John
Burroughs (like Santa Claus but better at nature writing) lived there in a
sweet cabin, planted celery there, and now there's nice trails, and fun
rocks.  Mary's leaving at 10:00am, email  with the
subject line SLAB MY SIDE AND CALL ME CELERY.

Double also on Saturday 10/4, Angelo will be doing a bit of bouldering.
He is also doing a repeat bouldering trip on Sunday 10/5.  Location yet
to be determined.  Don't push him, okay, he's an artist.  He's leaving both
days at 11:00am: email  with the subject line I'D BOULDER
WITH YOU ANYWHERE.

On Sunday 10/5, in case you're still looking for things to do this
weekend, our girl Alex is leading a sunrise hike to the Beacon fire tower.
Sunrise hikes are the bombdotcom, and if you haven't been on one, time to
check it off your bucket list!  Alex will also be getting breakfast in
Beacon afterwards, which is as good as any reason why you should go.  She's
leaving campus at 5:00am, and will also plan on having a bit of self-guided
meditation on the hike.  Email  with the header OH YOU
STUDY WHALE BONES? YOU'RE COOOL

Also on Sunday 10/5, drumroll please, Kevin is making a pilgrimage to
worship at the altar of the one, the only, Hudson Valley Reptile
Expo!!  I bet you didn't know that we, here in the Hudson Valley, are
living in the reptile center of the world, but we are.  And the reptile
expo is the place to be.  After getting his fill of creepy critters, Kevin
will also be going to the Vanderbilt Mansion and FDR's place on the river.
So, if you're looking to have the best day of your life, look no further.
Kevin's train to bliss is leaving at 11:00am, email  with
the header ALL MY LIFE I WANNA BE A HERP NERD.

Moving into next week, on Tuesday 10/7, Ali is going bouldering (she
doesn't know where yet).  But it'll be awesome and is sure to blowlder (no
shame) you away!  She's leaving at 6:00pm, and will be doing the same trip
on Thursday 10/9 at 5:00pm.  If interested in one or both trips, email
 with the subject line ROCKS: I LOVE THEM.

Want to go fishing with the VOC? We want to go fishing with you, too!  If
you have fishing gear, shoot us an email, so that we can start planning
some trips!

Finally, we are selling MERCH next week!  Find us in the college center
on Monday 10/6 and Thursday 10/9*, and get yourself a fresh VOC
T-shirt.  Colors include eggplant, sage, and awesomeness.  We'll see you
there.

I think that's it for this week!  Y'all are the best, see you outside!


In a land FAR, far away, entirely surrounded by water and inhabited by
strange birds and small annoying animals with bright yellow eyes that eat
your precious apples and peanut butter and stare at you while you sleep
peacefully on your underwhelmingly short sleeping pad (>_<), lives the most
AMAZING creature that ever did evolve. This regal reptile has three eyes
and can live for over a hundred years in the wild, surviving on a meager
diet of just a few bugs a week. Oh, and it also drinks water by absorbing
it through the skin on its stomach.

But you won't find a tuatara at the Hudson Valley Reptile expo, or even
anywhere in the world except New Zealand. You may, however, stumble across
a boa constrictor, or a three-foot-long alligator while wandering the back
alleys of Poughkeepsie and trails of the Vassar farm. If you do--don't be
afraid--and know that the poor cold-blooded creatures are happy now,
released from the confines of their unnatural Civic Center cages.

That said, enjoy this week's trips everyone, and keep in mind our October
break trips, listed at the bottom!

On Friday at 8 AM*, intrepid Ali will be leading a walk/hike on the Vassar
Farm. Email Ali (), with the subject line*TREAD LIGHTLY if
you are interested in joining her.

On Saturday morning at 10 AM*, Mary will be going to Thompson Pond, a
lovely lake near Stissing mountain where you will surely be out of range of
the reptilians roaming Poughkeepsie. Email Mary () if
you want to go, with the subject line TAKE ME TO THOMPSON...(PLEASE). 

On Sunday leaving at 11 AM*, Kevin (Q-T) will be heading up to Overlook
mountain in the Catskills to check out that firetower and glimpse the
rattlesnake living at the mountain house ruins. Seriously, though. Email
Kevin () with the subject line JUST KEEP OVERLOOKIN'*.

Also on Sunday*, and on Monday as well, Angelo will be going bouldering
in the Gunks. Shoot him an email () if you want in, with
the subject line GUNKSKUNK*.

The faithful Ali will be going bouldering in New Paltz on Tuesday leaving
at 6 PM and again on Thursday at 5 PM.  to
hitch a ride, with the subject line SEE YA LATER ALLIGATOR*.

Also next Thursday*, Katie couldn't get enough of that Stissing sunrise,
so she is going back for seconds. She'll be leaving bright and early from
Main circle, so email  if you want to see wonders of the
world at 5 AM, with the subject line ARE YOU A MORNING PERSON?

And now, for our OCTOBER BREAK TRIPS:

Alicia and Katie will be going on a camping trip to the Adirondacks*,
leaving around Sunday 10/19 and returning some time later in the week. We
will be doing some kayaking and backpacking in the High Peaks region. Email
Alicia () if you are interested, with the subject
line PACKING IT TO THE DACKS.

Angelo will be hitting up Rumney Rocks in the White Mountains of New
Hampshire for some of the best climbing on the East Coast. Email
 for details, subject line FALLING FOR RUMNEY.

That's it for trips, but don't forget we'll be tabling TOMORROW in the
College Center from 10:30 AM to 3 PM*, and selling t-shirts for*$10*! Stop
by!

Important side notes: if you are interested in going on a fishing trip,
we'd love to know. Do you have any gear? Would you be willing to lend your
gear to your fellow students? If you do but it's at home, remember to grab
it if you go home for October break!

Secondly, we just want to add that if you sign up for a trip, it is useful
to include your phone number in your interest email so we can all better
communicate with each other on trips.

P.S., Please take a moment to experience some EXTREME SHEEP HERDING, (or
What Welshmen Do When They're Bored):

On the shores of the Hudson, a fair 50 leagues north of old New Amsterdam,
there lay a sleepy hamlet of old gargoyles and new glass boxes. Formerly
frequented by Dutch clippers bringing news upstream, it was eerily quiet
one harvest night as a foreboding fog laid in from the dark forests that
embraced it. Suddenly from a gap in the trees emerged a figure. Riding on
horseback, he appeared to be wearing Hessian uniform, however, upon
inspecting his features one noticed a terrible sight. He had no head at
all! Beginning his frightful gallop towards Ichabod, he simultaneously
proclaimed:

This Thursday, 10/30 at 10PM there will be a SPOOKY hike on the farm. Once
rumored to be a burial ground of the van Killen family, there are are more
than just deer lurking in the deep darkness of the woods. Since it will
just be on  the farm, there is no limit to the amount of guests and
uninvited guests that can attend. We will be meeting at the farm. It takes
around 10-15 mins to get to the farm from campus.

Next Tuesday at 6 and Thursday at 5, Ali + Angelo will be bouldering in New
Paltz. Email  with the subject line TERROR WALL


Imagine yourself as a moose.  You, my moosey friend, are the majestic ruler
of the forest.  Or at least of the several beaver dams in your vicinity.
As you slowly pick yourself up from your leafy bed, wobbling first onto
your knees and then onto your long, sturdy legs, you open your eyes and
sleepily flutter the dirt out of your eyelashes.  The whole forest smells
like rain and sweetly decaying leaves.  You know it's dawn because the
birds have started waking up, too, and singing, and the pale glow of the
sun is seeping through the dark green pine boughs, dappling the forest
floor and illuminating the fine dust that dances everywhere in the air.
Soon you'll feel that sun's warmth on each of your hairs.  You take a deep
breath, inhaling this morning moment that is by far your favorite moment of
each day, and steadily make your way through the trees.  From your lofty
height you can look up into the branches at squirrels and pine cones, or
down at the chipmunks that scurry excitedly about your hooves, or the
rotting logs that sprouted bright new mushrooms overnight.  Soon the forest
breaks and you find yourself at the edge of a marshy, lush field: your
field.  You dip your heavy head low to scoop the day's first drink of
water, happily smacking your lips.  When you lift your head, again, to
survey the field, the water drips from your whiskers and coats the velvet
skin of your nose, like dew on soft grass.  It's when you're shutting your
eyes in a moment of pure joy that you hear it.  Suddenly, the sound of
faraway laughter, and the quiet clomp of boots.  You think you must be
hearing things but, no, there it is again: the unmistakable laughter and
happy chatter that almost blends in with the birds' early morning
melodies.  Suddenly, across the field from you, four humans appear.
They're wearing the backpacks that you've seen on humans before, but these
people are up much earlier, and seem, in comparison to the handful of other
humans you have seen, considerably happier.  In an instant they are gone,
retreated back into the woods.
Years later you will realize that, in fact, you had witnessed the Vassar
Outing Club.  And, by gosh, they were a good looking site.

Open your eyes.
Come on our trips this week!

Tomorrow (Thursday 11/6) Mary is heading to Maine!  Here are the details:
she is visiting a friend at Bowdoin, and would be happy to give anyone
interested a ride there.  She is also willing to drop you off in Portland
or some other nearby location.  I know what you're thinking...*whoa...this
is my opportunity, at long last, to spend an entire weekend with Mary and
her friends at Bowdoin*!!! But, sadly, no.  This is a ride-share situation,
where Mary will kindly drive you to Maine, splitting the cost of gas, and
then bring you back to Vassar!  But if you love Maine, as I think we
probably all do, then feel free to tag along.  Mary is leaving at 6:00pm
and will return Sunday afternoon.  If interested, email
 with the header I'M A RED HOT LOBSTAH IN A POT (or just
MAINE if you're lazy).

If you haven't all rushed off to Maine, on Friday 11/7 Kevin (you can
call him Raven) is going to do the whole loop at Breakneck Ridge.  If
you've never been, you should check it out for quintessential Hudson River
views and fun rock scrambles galore.  Also, Kevin is using this hike as an
excuse to do what he actually wants, which is to visit Beacon's Homebrew
store.  He says he will be in there for 5 seconds because he's an expert
and knows what he's looking for, okay, but you can browse, too.  All
around, this sounds like a winner.  Kevin's leaving Main Circle at 11:00am,
so email  with the subject line BROKEN NECKS AND BEER.

On Saturday 11/8*, the fearless Anthony will be fulfilling all of his
feline dreams by visiting the Catskills to climb Panther Mountain.  GET
IT?!!?!!?? The Catskills are beautiful this time of year (as always).
Anthony is also a pretty good ghost-story teller, but maybe skip this if
you actually want to enjoy yourselves in the woods.  He will be leaving
Main at 9:30am*, email  with the header TIMBER
WOLVES LOVE CATS.

Also on Saturday, Angelo, the seasoned rock whisperer, is going
climbing/bouldering.  He's leaving Main at 11:00am*, and he doesn't know
where he's going or necessarily any details at all.  I will say this,
though: he dressed up as a wizard for Halloween.  Hat and all.  If
interested, in rocks or wizarding, email him at  with the
subject line A WIZARD BOULDERS PRECISELY WHEN HE MEANS TO.

On Sunday 11/9*, Angelo is leading the exact same trip as he did on
Saturday.  Same subject line still applies unless you want to jazz it up.

Next week, on Tuesday 11/11 (whoa make a wish) Alicia is putting on her
sunrise cap once again, this time for a good morning excursion up the
always amazing Bonticou crag.  Alicia can tell you what breed of rabbit
your face reminds her of.  She's leaving Main really early.  Email
 with the header I HOPE I'M BUNNICULA.

And, as always, Ali will be bouldering on Tuesday 11/11 at 6:00pm and
on Thursday 11/13 at 5:00pm*.  At this point she and Angelo are the
foremost rock lovers on the East Coast, actually, so you would be lucky to
go see her at work.  If interested in either time, email
 with the header I'M FEELING BOULD.

Finally, on Tuesday 11/11 Ali will continue shining like the bright
superstar that she is and lead a morning visit to the Vassar Farm and
Ecological Preserve aka 500 acres of greatness.  Who knows what will be
discussed or discovered...snapping turtles? Beavers? The answer to all of
your problems?  She's leaving Main at 8:00am*, so shoot
 an email with the subject line FARMESIAN CHEESE PLEASE.

That's it for this week.  Keep your peepers PEELED for this year's
professionally rock and ice climbing trips.  Sign-ups will open within the
next week.



Those fluorescent lights are starting to give you a headache, and your eyes
are starting to go cross-eyed from staring at a computer screen. If you're
like most Vassar students, you spend a total of maybe 1-2 hours outside
each day scuttling from building to building, like a beetle after a small
child has lifted away the rock he's been hiding under. If you're feeling
inspired, you stop mid-scuttle to instagram a pretty red maple on the way
to the TAs. Sometimes, if the sunshine looks inviting enough on the Retreat
tables, you sit out for another half hour, or go for a run, bolstering your
grand total up to 2.5 or 3 hours..

Does this ever strike you as absurd??

There's a whole wide world out there, guys. Beyond the few square miles
owned by Vassar College are beautiful sunrises, rolling hills, sandwich
shoppes, live music, one of the best outdoor rock climbing playgrounds in
the country, and all kinds of experiences waiting to happen. Extract
yourself from those confining (albeit beautifully built) stone buildings
and take a break from frying your brain. Leave your phone at your charger,
and be adamantly unavailable for a few hours!

This week,

Join Alex on her trip to Overlook Mountain in the Catskills! Impress
your friends with your love of the outdoors as you plod up this beautiful
old road to the ruins (one building that WON'T block out the sun) and
fantastic firetower. Unless you have an afternoon lab on Fridays, you've NO
excuse. She's leaving at 1:15pm from Main circle. If you're interested,
email  with the subject line OUTSIDE INSIDE OVERLOOK.

Get over to New Paltz with Ali to crush plastic at the Inner Wall
tomorrow,
Thursday, at 5 pm and next Tuesday at 6 pm (and next Thursday at 5 pm*,
too!)*.  with the subject like BOULDER TILL I'M
BLUE.

On Monday*, leaving from Main Circle at 10 AM, Katie will be going for
a nice, easy hike at Slabsides*. If you haven't been to this Hudson Valley
gem of a nature spot yet, you might try--or Katie might not let you
graduate. Email  with the subject line NO PLACE LIKE
SLABSIDES.

If these don't work out for you, at least go for a walk on the Vassar Farm
and Ecological Preserve. And remember that Outing Club meetings happen
every Wednesday night at 9:30pm in Cushing Basement, and all are welcome!
We have Baked goods and sometimes other things that start with B (like,
Bears?). If you have any questions, trip ideas, etc, email us at
outingclub..

Thanking my stars that blaring red parking ticket on my dashboard this
morning was just a leaf, and sending all our love,

As you wake, you find yourself on an unfamiliar beach, strangely ensconced
in bristly pine trees. As you muse upon this, you realize that is snowing
and windy. The air stings your face as you explore this strange place.
Moving inland, you find a road. There are no signs, but all roads lead to
Rome, or if not Rome, then at least not here, so you push forwards. On the
right is the strange snowy beach, strange since the last memory you have is
of a margarita in Tijuana. Then, up ahead, on the left, there is a faint
glimmer of light, a sight that warms your soul in this cold, dark land. As
you approach, you see an old brick building with orange signs plastered on
the outside. They all seem to involve "Moxie", whatever that could be.
Though it seems to be a strange shop in a strange land, the snow continues
to come down thick and white. This could be a chance to figure out what
happened to the swaying palm trees and warm kiss of sunshine on your skin.
As you enter..




Kevin will be going climbing at the New Paltz climbing co-op on Friday
at 2pm*. If interested, email > with
the subject PUMPKIN PLASTIC

Angelo*, who is abandoning his worldy life to dedicate himself to rocks,
will be going climbing in New Paltz on Saturday, Sunday, and Monday at
11am*. > with the subject,
CLIMBING CRACKS IS WHACK

Alicia will be going to the home of FDR to explore the grounds of the
estate on Monday at 7:30am*. However, even more enticing than the
beautiful views on the Hudson, afterwards, they will be headed to the Apple
Pie Bakery at the CIA. Email 
<> with the subject NEW PASTRY DEAL

Ali will be going on her weekly climbing trip to the New Paltz climbing
co-op on Tuesday at 6pm*. Email 
<> with the subject CRANBERRY BOULDERS
Dear awesome members of the Outing Club:

I know...there's that one question that's been constantly weighing on your
weary thoughts as of late.  You can't do your homework.  You can't sleep.
You can't eat, can hardly brush your teeth (forgot flossing).  All you can
think about is...how on earth are you going to finally go climbing with the
outing club and some cool professional guides?!!?!?  How can you wake up in
the morning, breathe in that new day, strap on a helmet and get
up-close-and-personal with some rocks and potentially colder surfaces?!?!

Well, fear not, take a deep breath, because I'm ready to solve all of your
problems!  A new year of professionally guided climbing trips with the VOC
has rolled around once more.  We are stoked to continue our partnership
with Alpine Endeavors, a local guiding company, whose
wonderful/knowledgeable/legit guides take us (and you!) on vertical
adventures in the Gunks and the Catskills.  We go on both rock and ice
climbing trips, both of which are great.

There will be five trips (three rock, two ice) throughout the rest of the
year.  Rock trips are half days (leaving at approximately 1pm) and ice
trips are full days (leaving at approximately...early).

You need no previous climbing experience to go on a trip, and all gear and
transportation will be provided.  When the date approaches for each of the
trips, I will send you more detailed information on what you need to
bring/wear.  The registration process is online, and I will also fill you
in on how to complete this (it's easy).

Trips cost $30.  This is heavily subsidized by the VOC.  (*If you are
unable to pay this cost, that's okay, just please let me know).  You will
pay me in person once the date for your trip approaches.

These are the dates:

Saturday, December 6th: half day rock climbing
Sunday, February 8th: full day ice climbing
Sunday, March 8th: full day ice climbing
Sunday, April 19th: half day rock climbing
Sunday, May 10th: half day rock climbing

Each trip will have 10 students.  If you are interested in committing to
one of these trips, email me at  with the subject line ON
ROCK, ROCK ON, and be sure to include the date that you want to go.  (each
trip will have a wait list, as well).

So the only question left is: do you want to wear a harness, in which I
promise your butt will look great, and use axes/ropes/sheer strength to
climb things, and hopefully get some dirt/ice on your face and hands, OR
NOT?  I think we both know the answer.

"Why eat a lime when you can rock/ice climb?"
Katie

(ice climbing + Alaska + conservation = almost more than I can handle in
one sitting while trying to also breathe)
Dear outing club,

I hope you're all having happy little last days of break.  Maybe you're
starting to get stressed about finals, but why do that, when you could be
getting excited about rock climbing...

The following trips still have open spots:

Saturday, December 6th, half day, rock climbing
Sunday, April 19th, half day, rock climbing
Sunday, May 10th, half day, rock climbing

Remember: no experience or gear necessary!  You just need a smile and
hopefully some comfortable underwear (good life choices in general, if you
think about it).

Email me () to sign up.


The early morning light woke me up gently the way it always does when I'm
sleeping in a tent.  This light was grey and cold, but still warmer than
the deep, dark chill of the night, full of the promise of coming snow, now
drifting away as the dawn gained strength.  I unzipped my sleeping bag, as
slowly and quietly as possible, trying not to wake the still-sleeping,
cocooned mound to my right.  All ten of my toes, wrapped in wool but frozen
nonetheless, protested as I scrunched them into my
muddy-from-the-day-before boots and extended my stiff legs out into the
world.  The lake, a five minute walk away from the campsite, was still
waking up, too.  Lying in a glacial scar between hemlocks and silver
snow-dusted mountains, the water stood black with fall's decaying leaves,
and motionless.  Thick mist rose slowly still from the surface, ghostlike.
I closed my eyes to breathe in the palpable cold that hung all around me
like a heavy curtain, slowly draping winter over the forest like white
velvet.

A sharp, high-pitched chattering broke the silence.  I looked around,
waking from my lake staring dream, and noticed my early morning companion
perched, very upright with pointed ears, on a beaver-gnawed stump
protruding from the water's edge.  I wasn't sure how long he'd been there,
watching me amidst the mists.  A red squirrel.  He cocked his head and
chattered again, opening his tiny mouth as wide as possible as if to tell
me something urgent and important.  With burnt orange fur and a wildly
gesticulating tail, he was the enthusiastic protector and story-keeper of
the woods.  Our eyes met for a moment before he bounded away, moving faster
even than the light illuminating the tree-lined water.  When I looked back
at the lake, the mists had nearly faded.

What did the red squirrel tell me?  Probably this, amongst other
philosophical revelations: the Vassar Outing Club is the best thing ever.

So, you should join us on some trips this week! Oh and HAPPY DECEMBER!!

on Friday 12/5 (tomorrow)*, Kevin, holding down the fort (fart) at the end
of the semester, will be going climbing at the New Paltz co-op.  The VOC
has a brand spankin' new membership at this super nice gym, and sometimes
we're the only people there, and get to play our own music.  Therefore,
prepare for some of The Pogues via Kevin.  He will be taking off at 2:00pm*,
so email  with the subject line MAKE TIME TO CLIMB AND
RHYME.

on Sunday 12/7*, Kevin (what would we do without him) will be checking out
Dover Stone Church.  It should be a pretty short and sweet hike with its
main attraction being, you guessed it, a stone church (also known as a
really cool cave!!!).  He'll be leaving at 11:30am*, so if interested
email  with the header ROCK ALTAR-ATION.

Fast-fowarding to next Thursday 12/11*, Tim and Anthony are leading a
journey to Sam's Point.  The trip will include waterfalls, ice caves,
laughs, love, giggles, and definitely lots of Swaziland/math major sass
coming at you from all angles.  Just don't let Anthony convince you to
sleep in any rock slots.  The two will be leaving at 10:00am sharp (in
the words of Tim), no faffin' around.  Email  with the
subject line SHAKE YOUR LAFFY FAFFY.

That's all for this week, lovers of the outdoors.  I'll miss you until we
meet again.
Once I dressed up like a sewage rat for the 4th of July,
Katie

different song whoa whoa whoa but this video is what it's all about:
My dear VOC,

There's no cure to finals fever like some sunshine and a healthy,
heart-pumping pace! There's nothing a little fresh air and a cup of
steaming hot chocolate can't fix. Besides, it's should be a beautiful
weekend and getting up into the 40s by Sunday, so go get 'em, kids!

On Saturday morning at 10:30*, Alex will be heading down to Constitution
Marsh, at the Audubon center, to hang out and hike around this sweet spot.
If you have a pair of binoculars, they will certainly come in handy (and
Timothy will think you are perfect, so you should maybe just keep those
with you at all times). Email  with the subject line
BIRD NERD.

Also on Saturday 12/13, and on Tuesday 12/16*, Kevin will be going
climbing at the New Paltz Climbing Co-op. Leaving at 2:30 pm from Main
circle*. No climbing experience necessary, first-timers welcome (and all
other levels)!! Email  with the subject line FIRST TIME
FINALIST.

As this is our last trip email of the semester, we've spent some time
reminiscing about all the fantastic trips this semester. I can't think of a
better semester yet! So much VOC love. <3 Get excited for next semester,
when we will be ice climbing, rock climbing, snowshoeing like crazy,
skydiving, camping and tramping and more!


Did you spend the entirety of your winter break wondering about the
specifics of VOC meetings?  What are those mythical happenings, those
mysterious events?  Where and when can you find them?  Trying to find other
people who are as sad about the snowfall disappointment as you are?

Fear not, for the VOC has its first meeting of 2015 this Wednesday,
1/28 (tomorrow
night) at 9:30pm in our infamous, glorious, immortal, cozy, beloved,
interestingly(endearingly)-fragranced Cushing Basement club room.  And we
have them each week at the same time and place!

Anyone is welcome to attend these meetings - you do NOT have to be a leader
or have any outdoor experience/knowledge!  We typically have an
ice-breaker, discuss past trips, plan the upcoming week's trips,
occasionally go over an outdoor skill or theory, and mainly just talk about
our feelings and eat cookies.  Come to find out how to become a leader, if
you have a cool trip idea, if you have a question, or if you just want to
hang out and meet some new folks (seriously).


We hope you had fun skiing, snowshoeing, walking, or shoveling this wintry
week, but not too much fun because there are some great trips on tap. You
know, winter is my favorite season of the year. Sure, spring is stupendous
with blossoms and blossoming, summer is swell with grills and bonfires,
autumn is awesome with colors and a bountiful harvest, but winter is truly
wonderful. Whiteouts, water freezing, wind, walking in a winter wonderland,
white walkers, whippersnappers plowing your drive, winter squash soup, what
more could you want?

For the adventurers:

On Friday*, 2/6:
Ali will be snowboarding/skiing and sliding quickly down at Bel-air
mountain at 730 AM*. Perhaps you will encounter the fresh prince on the
slopes. Email > with the
subject, YO HO TO BEL AIR

Nathan will be snowshoeing around the Vassar Farm & Ecological Preserve at
from 1030 to 1230 AM. Perhaps you will see some deer. Email

<> with the subject, DEER BOOTIES*.

On Saturday*, 2/7*,
Anthony & Hailey are going snowshoeing at Overlook Mountain at
10AM, there
is a sweet fire tower at the top and awesome winter views. Email

<> with the subject LOOKING OVER SNOW*.

Alex is going Cross Country skiing at Clarence Fahnestock State Park at
1030AM*. Skis will be available to rent for $17 if you don't have any, and
admission is $9. Email > with
the subject, GENTLE SLOPES*.

Tim & Alicia are going sledding at Sunset Lake in the afternoon. Feel
free to just show up, but also feel free to email them at 
<
<>  if you need an exact time.

On Sunday, 2/8,
Emily*, a blast from the past, will be going snowshoeing from Vanderbilt
Mansion to FDR's home. She is leaving at an unspecified time in the
afternoon, email her with the subject GILDED AGE RICHES*.

Other Trips*:

Katie will be going snowshoeing at Huckleberry Point next Thursday(2/12) at
some time. There may yet still be some huckleberries left, or at the very
least some winter berries. Email > with
the subject WINTERY BERRIES*.

Nathan will be going cross country skiing at Sunset Hill on Monday &
Wednesday afternoon between 2-4*. Feel free to just show up or email him
at > with the subject line CROSS
THE LAKE*.

If it is altitude you seek, Angelo is going climbing indoors on Saturday,
Tuesday and Thursday at an unspecified time. Email him, 
<> with the subject line CRUSH IT to find out more.

Love, KevKatAli. Stay toasty!
Hey there Vassar Outing Club,

It's a blizzard out there!! Before you skip to reading the trips, let us
tell you about some of what's happened this week in the Hudson Valley while
you were all asleep on your books.

The weekend has rolled in with a bang, and as we've been packing on the
snow, one of our favorite climbing venues has had a different kind of week.
The New Paltz Climbing Co-op, tragically burned in an early-morning fire on
Saturday. Thankfully, no one was injured or killed, but our condolences go
out to Chad and the dedicated climbers at the NPCC.

But on the more cheerful side of things, we've had lots of successful snow
adventures and discovering ever-new delightful snow activities! You may be
starting to feel the grind of winter wear you down, but we're not going to
let that happen, if we can help it! That's why you should join our
enthusiastic leaders on some of their chilled-out adventures. Let us put
some winter sunshine in your heart. <3

Hop on some of this weeks trips:

Tomorrow, Friday, 2/13*, Leah will be tempting fate with some night
skiing*! It's just like regular skiing but with fluorescent lighting...and
cheaper! Let your superstitious imagination run wild tomorrow night! She'll
be leaving from main at 4:30 on Friday*afternoon and back just a few hours
later, around 8 or so. For a spot in her trip and some nighttime thrills,
 with the subject line I WEAR MY SNOW GOGGLES AT
NIGHT...

Also on Friday*, but also on Sunday and Tuesday*, the intrepid Angelo
will be going rock climbing*. He will be either going to the Inner Wall or
trying out a new climbing gym about an hour south of here. Email
 with the subject line HUDSON VALLEY VERTICAL TOURS.

On Saturday*, 2/14*, Valentine's Day, Nathan will be chauffeuring you
to Fahnsetock State Park for a Singles Snowshoeing and Tubing
extravaganza!
It will be an afternoon affair, leaving at 11AM from Main Circle. Never
fear, the Outing Club is here to deliver you from your Valentines day
non-plans with some good old fashioned romping in the snow, and you can bet
that Nathan will show you a good time. Email  with the
subject line FUN, FLIRTY AND SNOW-INCLINED

Oh, and ALSO, Nathan will be skiing down sunset hill in the orchard
on Monday,
2/16 (2-3PM) and Wednesday, 2/18 (2-4PM) again this week. BYO skis. You
don't have to email him, you can just show up...or you can email him if you
want..

We hope you can join us on some stellar trips this week! Keep your eye out
for upcoming trips like ice fishing and polar plunges..and just for a
taste, enjoy the video below..these guys are showing ALL of us up right
now.

Good morning this Thursday the 26th, year of the lord two thousand and
fifteen. The weather looks to be brisk and chilly with a chance of
snowshoes. Police in Brooklyn found a weed farm in the basement of the
maraschino cherry factory. Police in Denver found an illegal moonshining
operation under a weed dispensary. Did you know that today is national
spice and herb appreciation day? Wonders like dill, paprika, old bay, chili
powder, and many more make possible the fine flavors we enjoy at every
meal. Some of them even travelled many thousands of miles from all across
the globe to grace your palate. Give thanks to your favorite spice with a
card or word of thanks, they’d love to know they’re not take for granted.

What you need to know to start your week:

On Sunday at 12pm Kevin Quizard will be going snowshoeing at Kaaterskill
Falls in the Catskills, it’s the closest and shortest of the Catskills
hikes so we should be back before 5 or 6. Since it’s winter the falls will
probably be an amazing sheet of ice. Email  with the
subject FALLING ICE.

Also on Sunday, Nathan from Mycosoft will be going to the farm at 830pm to
snowshoe in the dark. Bring a headlamp, although Nathan might have a few
extra if you can’t find yours. Email him at  with the
subject SPOOKY SNOW.

On Monday, at 830/9am Kit Kat will be going snowshoeing at Minnewaska state
park over yonder in New Paltz. Email her at  with the
subject SNOW ON YOUR TOES.

On Tuesday, at 830am Taylor the Tailor is going to Red Wing Nature Trail to
do some more snowshoeing. I can only imagine that the trail is named such
for the abundant red winged hawks you’ll see (I’m not sure that’s even a
real bird). Email her at  with the subject RED TAILED
HAWK.

Angelo the climbing addict will be going bouldering Friday, Sunday, Tuesday
and Wednesday. Time unspecified, possibly flexible to your schedule so
email  to find out more!

Also Spring Break trips preview, Acadia National Park in Maine, stay tuned
for next week's email for more info.


Life is full of surprises and unexpected coincidences...Or, like a certain
kind Vermont truck driver would have you believe, (and honestly who
understands life better than a Vermont truck dirver?), maybe it's just
synchronicity. You just have to roll with the punches and let life take you
for a ride (and pray it doesn't drop you in the middle of the Arterial in
Poughkeepsie, or at least, if it does, then that also leaves you a cute
tow-truck driver to help you find your way home).

What has the universe been trying to tell you this week?

(..GO on a TRIP!)

(..and ask your VOC trip leader if they have triple A. And also if they
have their first aid kit.)

Here are this week's signs from the universe:

Tomorrow, Friday*, 3/6*, Ali will be going skiing leaving at 7:30 am*.
Sorry for the late notice. She is also going Sunday if anyone is
interested. Email  with the subject line I"M FEELING
SPONTANEOUS.

Also tomorrow*, Friday*, 3/6*, Leah will be pursuing a similar
adventure, but in the cover of darkness (and bright artificial lights). She
will be going night skiing*, leaving at 4:30 pm from Main Circle. Email
 with the subject line DO IT IN THE DARK.

On Saturday, 3/7, Kat is going to Minnewaska for a nice little hike
around the lake, leaving at 10am from Main. Email Kat at
 with the subject line TOW ME A LINE.

On Sunday*, 3/8, Kevin and Owen are going to Kaaterskill falls in the
Catskills, leaving at 11AM*. Email  with the subject line
INSTANT GRATIFIKAATION.

Also on Sunday, 3/8, Anthony and Hailey are going cross-country skiing at
Mohonk Mountain House.  if you want to go,
with the subject line CROSS COUNTRY ROAD TRIP.

On Tuesday afternoon, 3/10, Kat is biking to the Walkway over the Hudson,
leaving at 1PM from Main Circle. Email her  with
the subject line EL SOCIALISMO PUEDE LLEGAR SOLO EN BICICLETA. Because cars
suck and have too many problems.

Finally, Angelo will be going climbing on Friday, Sunday, Monday and
Wednesday. Email him if you are interested in going any of these days, at
, with the subject line ROCKS GET YOU HIGH.

If you are looking for a good time over spring break, Anthony is going to
Acadia National Park in Maine. AWW yeeeahh! He's leaving on the second
Saturday of break, March 21st, and will be back the following Thursday,
March 26th. He only has room for 3-4, so get on this quick if you want to
experience the magic of Acadia (and Anthony's trip leading) this spring
break. Email him  with the subject line READY
FOR ANTHONYING.

That's it for now, folks! And remember, senior year is like freshman year
all over again, so don't hold back...


Outing Club: we meet again.

Sometimes, life is like being a pebble of smooth quartz.

Due to some pretty miraculous processes, you eventually find yourself
thrust upwards and sitting pretty on the top of a tall mountain.  Your face
is exposed to the sun, and if your little quartz body had eyes (and heck,
maybe it does! I’m not an expert on rock sensations) you would gleefully
close them in those moments of sheer warmth and joy when the sun rays hit
you just right.  And when you re-opened them, you’d be able to look out at
the world below you, so full of other mountain ranges, rivers, lakes,
trees, and rocks upon rocks that you’ve yet to meet.

Time has a way of working you, though, and just when you’ve gotten
comfortable, the wind and rain and snow of many years finally knocks you
down, and you roll and tumble and bump and fall, your jagged edges
chipping, your size cut down.  The next few thousand years are a blur of
meandering riverbeds, journeys that span hundreds of miles.  Often you are
dizzy, or befuddled from the constant tumbling.  Sometimes you miss your
mountain, but the water isn’t so bad, you suppose.

One day, suddenly, everything becomes very still.  Without even realizing
what was happening - your eyes were closed again, perhaps - you have gone
from river, to delta, to vast sea, and have now been deposited on a beach
full of other pebbles.  Because that’s what you are now...a small, smooth
pebble of quartz.  I look wonderful, so sleek! you think to yourself before
settling in.  The air is cold, but the sun is warm, and you’re happy.  The
pebble next to you is named Frank! One night, someone with boots and nice
hands picks you up before placing you back down on the beach again.  They
lay out some sort of a caterpillar suit on the ground next to you, and
sleep in it for the night.  (They’re a member of the VOC, but you don’t
know that).  You’re a pebble, an old and wise one at that, so you just
close your eyes and smell the air.

TRIPS FOR THE WEEK:

On Friday 4/2 (tomorrow) Kevin will be venturing up the Ferncliff fire
tower, near Rhinebeck.  There may be breakfast involved, but no promises.
How did Kevin earn the coveted position of being the only one in Meat House
permitted to use Owen’s knife?  You’ll have to ask him yourself.  The Kevin
train leaves at 10:00am*, email him at  with the header
YEARN FOR THE FERN.

On Monday 2/5 Hubert will be riding his bike to the Walkway Over the
Hudson.  Looking for beautiful views of the river?  Want to hear stories of
Maine and red squirrels?  Care to know the details of Hubert’s really cool
major?  Strap on that helmet and get peddlin’!  Hubert leaves at 3:30pm*,
email  with the subject line HULA HOOPERT.

On Tuesday 2/6*, Taylor will be leading the first sunrise hike of the
season!  Woohoo!  She’s doing an old classic, Bonticou Crag, and taking off
from main at the ripe hour of 5:00am*.  If you haven’t been on a sunrise
hike yet, you’re basically missing out on life.  If interested, email
 with the header WAKING UP EVEN IF I HAVE TO CROWL.

And, in this week’s climbing report, Angelo will be climbing on Friday,
Sunday, Monday, and Wednesday*.  He’s perfectly open to the idea of you
taking hardcore photos of him.  He’s also open to your input on the timing
of these trips, so shoot him an email, and work out a plan!  Specifically,
 with the subject line ANGEL O’ ROCKS.

That’s all for this week!  Tighten your boots for another glorious spring
of hikes and other shenanigans.

Returning to my reptilian state on my front lawn,
Kevkalicia (Katie + Kevin + Alicia)

This claims to be ‘real,’ so obviously it’s trustworthy.  But it seems
relevant.
Alas, there has been little sun. Fear not friends, if it does not come to
us, we shall go to it! Wherever the sun resides, we surely will find it,
and it will grace us with it’s presence. Where the rivers roar and the
mountains cast deep shadows upon the land. Where the darkness and chaos of
nature hides in the forest. Out of reach of Gods and Kings, a place
untouched by man. This week, the brave explorers of the Vassar Outing Club
sally forth thusly:

On Saturday(4/9):

Alicia, Hudson music expert, will be going hiking in Minnewaska at 12.
Following the hike there will be dining and a concert with bards of
bluegrass at a Gomen Kudasai, a Japanese noodle house in New Paltz. The
concert starts at 7 and runs till 9. You may have heard the owner’s radio
show, Noodling with Youko, on WVKR. If you just want to go hiking, there
may be a car coming back early or bring your own car and you can leaf
anytime you want! Email her at   with the
subject, GOMEN RAMEN HAIKINGU

On Monday(4/13):

Hubert, will be biking the rail trail to the Walkway over the Hudson at 330.
So you don’t have to see the same sights twice, he is returning via the
Mid-Hudson Bridge. Unfortunately, he wasn’t able to switch up the river
being crossed. Email him at  with the subject HUMAN
POWERED TRAINS

Angelo, climber of the uncorporate ladder, will be going bouldering at
an unspecified
time. Email him first and perhaps you can convince him to go when it’s most
convenient for you! Email him at  with the subject
TUESDEE ROCKIN

On Tuesday(4/14):

Taylor, morning enthusiast, will be going to Stissing at 5am to catch the Sun
as it gets out of bed. There is a fire tower at the end and lovely farm
lands. She will surely be back by 830 for all of your super fun morning
classes! Email her at  with the subject WHO CAN MAKE THE
SUNRISE

On Wednesday(4/15):

Angelo is going climbing at some time again. You know the deal, shoot him a
message and find out more. Email him at  with the subject
TURSDEE ROCKIN

On Thursday(4/16):

Katie, resident VOC novelist, is going to Slabsides at 2. See John
Burroughs’s celery patch and the amazing rocks and wilderness just across
the river. Email her at  with the subject CELERY MY SOUL


Once you were a little seed. Someone saved you away all winter and kept you
dry and cool until it was time to put you in a pot. There you sat, in neat
rows under the greenhouse roof alongside all the other trays of baby seeds
until you could stretch your legs enough to push up through the soil and
peek over the side of your pot. When you became too big for your little pot
home, someone picked you up and put you in a bigger one where you had more
room to grow. And you kept growing and growing until a nice farmer person
took you outside and put you in the ground, where you can feel the good
warmth of the sunlight on your leaves and the cool, soft dirt under your
roots.

One day you grew up into a magnificent yellow sunflower, so big and so tall
that you could see far and wide, past the fields and roads and hills that
surrounded your farm all the way to the Hudson River, and you could see the
Hudson Highlands and the Shawangunk Ridge and the Catskill Mountains. And
there you noticed, on a small rocky overlook peeking out from the trees, a
little person. A member of the Vassar Outing Club, in fact. And she waved
to you from her sunny ridge and you waved back, your whole plant body
swaying gently in the summer breeze.

Andd..this week's trips!

On Friday, 4/17, Kevin and Owen are heading back in time to a different
Poughkeepsie, on a quest for treasure..if you tag along, you might find
something you never knew you needed at this Estate Sale! Such as an
ancient typewriter. One might ask, is it consumerism if it's second hand?
They are leaving from Main at 9am*, and will be back soon. email Owen at
 with the subject line #THRIFTY

On Saturday, 4/18, at 11am, Alex (and the English majors committee) are
going to Innisfree gardens in Millbrook for its first open weekend of the
year! Join them for a lovely day of idling and picnicking (yes, there will
be food!). They also need drivers, so if you are interested, email

<> with the subject line YOUR WORDS WILL SET ME FREE

On Sunday, 4/19, Kevin is leading a hike to Breakneck Ridge*, leaving at
3pm*. If you haven't experienced Breakneck before, it's worth taking a
crack at it. It's a moderate hike with spectacular views. (Don't worry,
Kevin is WFR certified, AND he knows how to fly). AND, you'll be back in
time for dinner. email > with the
subject line AFTERNOON DELIGHT

Also on Sunday*, and on Wednesday 4/22*, Angelo is going climbing. Email
him at > with the subject line TIME
TO CLIMB

On Monday, 4/20, Hubert will be leading a bike trip to Franny Reese
State Park on the Hudson via the Rail Trail and Walkway, leaving at
3:30pm. BYOBike. How did Hubert rise through the ranks of the Outing Club
to achieve his new position? Discover his secret talents on this
trip...email > with the
subject line WHERE DO YOU KEEP YOUR FRANNY?

Finally, on Tuesday 4/21, Nathan will be finishing out our week of trips
with a visit to the Apple Pie Bakery at the CIA. The only exercise you'll
have to perform on this trip is a whole lot of chewing. He's leaving at
11am and will be back by about 1pm. email 
<> with the subject line PIE IN THE SKY

And that's it for trips this week.

The frost has melted and the sun shines through the bare branches above
you. It tickles your mycelium in just the right way, warm and bright. It
must be that time of year again, so you pop your fruiting body above ground
to feel the wind in your honeycombs. You try not to stick out too much
though, you’re feeling shy this year and you know Steve the amateur
mycologist will be coming by anytime now to harvest you and your buddies.
It’s a traumatic experience to be ripped from your roots and tossed into a
bag, but the look of happiness on people’s faces when they discover you
hiding amongst the leaves is priceless.

This week,

On Saturday 5/2, Kevin will be going to the Ramp Festival at the Basilica
in Hudson. It’s $30 for tickets but there will be lots of great food from
awesome chefs featuring foraged ramps. There is free admission if you sign
up to be a volunteer also. The festival is from 12-4, and he’s leaving at
11. Return time is TBD. Email  with the subject, RAMPED UP.

On Tuesday 5/5, Kat is going to the nearby Wappingers Creek to examine
spring foliage, swim at the watering hole, and maybe jump off the cool rope
swing. It will be in the late afternoon, a perfect after class study break.
Email her at  with the subject, ALGAE BLOOMS.

It's nearing the end of the year and you know what that means, skydiving!
Watch for an email soon with more info.

Also see the attached flyer for Mitzvah Day 2015 if you're interested in
helping cleaning up Casperkill Creek, the lovely river that runs through
campus. It's happening on Sunday at 11.

Wait, could this  be you?
Leave your books to crash through clouds
tied to floating things.

Suited up, buckled in,
Wind-rippling cheeks and expletive screams
echoed to Poughkeepsie.

How close is the ground?
Pull the cord! Yelled in an ear.
Let’s go fall again.

[?]

Vassar Outing Club is going skydiving again this year! Have you always
wanted to backflip out of a plane? Well, this is your chance. We're going
to tandem jump @ 10 am on Friday, May 15th*. This means that we'll leave
Vassar around 9am. We'll be going to Skydive the Ranch
, which has a great set-up in Gardiner,
New York with jaw-dropping views of the Hudson Valley. No experience
is necessary and it'll be the highlight of your study week activities!

Unfortunately, we can only bring 20 people on the trip and it costs $199
for the jump. If you'd like to go email me (Taylor) at  with
the subject, CAN'T WAIT TO RISK MY LIFE*. It's first email first serve for
the spots, but you're not confirmed on the trip until you pay. Please let
me know if you would like to go but cannot cover the entirety of the cost
and the Outing Club will try to help out.


We hope you've had a fantastic Founder's Day and are spending today soaking
up the sunshine and letting it leach away all those residual toxins..

The theme of the week, it seems, is learning how to have a good time...and
staying alive at the same time! The Vassar Outing Club is boss when it
comes to wilderness safety. We can find you when your
geographically-disinclined, wonky sense of direction leads you astray, we
know what to do in sticky situations where we may be several hours away
from medical care, and most importantly we can provide you with a hell of a
good time (no matter how many "good-old Outing Club K-turns" it takes to
get to the trailhead).

We like to be safe AND have fun--and that is why we place our faith in the
power of a little round candy called the Lifesaver. True to its name, this
magical candy can save your life. At this point you may be thinking to
yourself, "How can a deliciously donut-shaped miniature hard candy, often
thought to be a choking hazard, save lives?" Or perhaps you are still
sympathetic to the theory you have always been taught--that Lifesavers are
named for their similarity in shape to the life-saving flotation device
used in aquatic rescue scenarios. HOWEVER, the Outing Club has discovered,
after years of trial and success, the TRUE origin of the candy's name. "The
Candy With the Hole In It," is the only safe food which, when accidentally
swallowed whole (whether on a hike or when free falling through the air
after jumping out of a plane) still allows for unrestricted air flow in and
out of the lungs, due to the hole in the middle of the candy. Hence the
little-known origin of the name "Lifesaver."

So, the moral of the story is: eat your Lifesavers. And don't forget to
wear sunscreen.

Trips this week:

On Tuesday, 5/12*, Kevin is going to the Catskills!! Wohooo!! He'll be
going on a moderate hike to North Mountain Ledge + North Point*. Leaving
in the morning at a yet unspecified time (this is a most-of-the-day kind of
hike). If you're interested email  with the subject line
SUNSHINE POINT

Also on Tuesday, at 3PM, Laura*, balancing extraordinaire, master of slick
surfaces (the gal sure can skate) and tiny tightropes, will be setting up
some slack lines behind Noyes. You don't need to email her to come, just
show up.

On Thursday*, 5/14, Katie will be going to to the Catskills again, to
hike Huckleberry Point! What could be better than a day at one of the most
beautiful spots in the Hudson Valley with the brains, braun and beauty of
the Outing Club herself?? Have I 'peaked' your interest? Email
 with the subject line I'VE WAITED SO LONG.

That's it for this week, folks..but the journey does not end here.
Lotsalove,
Kevkacia (Katie, Kevin and Alicia)
Hi seniors and underclassmen still on campus,

The outing club is having our first general body party in 3 years (wow!)
tomorrow 5/22 in Meat House (TH128). It starts at 930pm and will go till
12ish. Clothing optional, fun mandatory. See you there. We're serious about
the clothing part, be prepared to see naked people, there will be at least
a few of us rocking our birthday suits. Feel free to come if you've been on
a trip or always wanted to go on trip. Friends welcome (not too many
though). Limited refreshments available, best to bring your own.


Have you always wanted to see the sunrise over the Hudson from the top of
an old fire tower? Jump 13,500 feet out of a plane + fall through crisp
clouds? Scramble up the face of an ice-covered rock in the 'gunks? Well
you've found the right place.

We loved seeing so many new faces @ the activities fair, but didn't get to
spend enough time with you guys as you quickly signed up for our mailing
list! So come hang out with the Outing Club ☀︎**TONIGHT @ 7PM IN NOYES
CIRCLE☀︎ 

We'll talk about so many things--who we are, what we do, how we can help
you get into the great outdoors, how you too can become a leader! Bring
your friends, roommates, lovers + chat with us!

And did you know? That raccoons purr
*, just like house cats when
the feel content and safe

See you oh so very soon,
Kat + Hubert + Taylor + the rest of the VOC
Several Notes:

 If you do not have gear but want to go on trips, have no fear! We have a
lot of gear to lend you, from tents and sleeping bags to sleds and
snowshoes.

 You can rent a bike! if you find yourself wishing that you can go on a
VOC bike trip, but do not have a bike on campus, you can rent one through
Safety and Security. See the link at the bottom of this page:


 If you would like to give us your input, get more involved with the club,
or just hang out, come to our weekly meetings which are Wednesdays at 9:30
in Cushing Basement.

Our upcoming trips:

On Saturday (9/19), at 10AM, Hubert will do part two of the 'get to know
your campus series. This weekend he will take you to more trails on the
farm, visit the beaver pond, and collect wild mint. Mint can be dried or
frozen and makes excellent tea. Meet on the road-side of Skinner. Email him
at  with the subject line MORNING REFRESHMINT

Also on Saturday (9/19), at 3:30PM, Hubert will be leading a grass-hopper
catching-cooking-eating trip on campus. Hear us out - insects are a
sustainable, healthy source of protein that is taken advantage of by 80% of
the world's countries. This trip will include catching grasshoppers and
other insects and making insect quesadillas. Whether you want to try
something new, face your fears, or contribute your extensive
hunter-gatherer experience, jump on the opportunity by emailing Hubert at
 with the subject line CRUNCHY CRITTERS.

On Sunday (9/20), at 10AM , Maryam will be going to climb Mt. Beacon.
This is a pleasant hike with a fire tower south of Poughkeepsie. The hike
is around 4.4 miles, and Maryam plans to be back around Mid-afternoon. You
will get great views of the Hudson free of charge, and perhaps you will
find the ruins of an old brick building with some massive rusting mechanism
of a by-gone age? Email Maryam at  with the subject line
EGGS AND BEACON

Also on Sunday (9/20), also at 10AM, Brian*, VOC's
rock-climber extraordinaire, will be leading a bike trip to New Paltz.
Every Vassar student who visits New Paltz exclaims 'why wasn't Vasar
founded here?' You can expect to be back on campus by 3:00. To join Brian
for smoothies and gourmet doughnuts in New Paltz, email him at
> with the subject line I
DOUGHNUT WANT TO MISS THIS

On Monday (9/21) at 6:00AM, Hubert will once again bike to see the sun
rise from the Walkway Over the Hudson. This is a great way to start the
week, so Hubert is planning to make this a weekly trip. We will be back
before 8:00. You can email him at  with the subject
line SLEEP? THERE'S A NAPP FOR THAT

On Tuesday (9/22), at 10AM, Kat will lead another bike trip to the
walkway for those that do not want to wake up so early. If you have not
gone to the walkway yet, it is a great way of seeing the area around
campus. Kat plans to be back in time for noon classes. Email her at at

<> with the subject line HELP ME GET OVER THAT BRIDGE

On Tuesday (9/22), at 3:15PM, Taylor will be going to Mt. Stissing. There
is a tall fire tower and spectacular views. This is a staple of VOC hikes.
You will be back by 'dinner-ish'. Email Taylor at at t
<> with the
subject line SHE'LL BE COMMIN' 'ROUND THE MOUNTAIN

On Wednes**day (9/22), at 3:30PM, Hailey will bike to New Paltz and go to
the indoor rock climbing gym 'The Inner Wall'. If climbing is not your cup
of tea, you are free to wander around New Paltz while Hailey climbs. You
will be back by 7:30. Email Hailey at  with the
subject line BIKE AND CLIMB

Also, there are two camping trips coming up next-next weekend:


the Catskills. More details in next week's email, but if you want to
reserve a spot, email Taylor at t <
<> with CAMPING CATS


bike-camping trip to the Gunks. You can email him at  to
reserve a spot with the subject line GUNKS AHOY

Please inform leaders if you have a car and are willing to help
transport. Gas and expenses are reimbursable

Did you know? Many beetle grubs can be fried like bacon - without the
addition of cooking fat - because of their natural high fat content.




Legend (or the autumnal equinox) has it that Wednesday was the first day of
fall. You know what that means? We get to exchange our shorts for comfy
knit sweaters. We get to turn down ice coffees for pumpkin spice lattes
(although, these are inarguably pretty nasty). We get to skip out on the
air conditioned library for a visit to an apple orchard. We get to traipse
through fallen leaves instead of sunburnt grass.

Can you tell it's our favorite season here @ the VOC? Just in case you need
some more convincing to ditch your "books" + head outside for some fall
adventures, here are the trips for this week:

On Saturday @ 10 am, Brian*--the 8ft tall rock climbing god (although his
height has not been fact checked..)--will be adventuring over to the
Walkway Over the Hudson for an afternoon bike ride*. One Saturday when I
was there, a guy was selling pickles + popcorn (can you think of a better
combo?). To see if they still have these scrumptious treats, email
 with the subject line I'M KIND OF A BIG DILL.

On Sunday @ 10 am, Hubert*--the bug eater, bike rider, volcano hiker
extraordinaire--will be doing his third installment of "Get to Know Your
Campus" (the communications/admissions departments have already reached out
to steal this great branding idea...). This week's theme will be adventuring
in the great hidden depths of the woods behind the golf course*. Will you
survive the carnivorous plants? The wolves? The flyway golf balls? Email
 with the subject line YOU'RE A HOLE IN ONE to find
out!

On Monday @ 6:15 am, Hubert*--the same great guy from Sunday's trip, but
one day wiser, smarter, + more handsome--will venture over to the Walkway
Over the Hudson for another early morning, sleep stuck in the corner of
your eye, yawning till you can't stop sunrise bike ride*. If you'd like to
join him, email  with the subject line I'M WHEELIE
TIRED.

On Tuesday @ 3:15 pm, Taylor*--the adventuring midwesterner (did you know
Illinois has great mountains?)--will go for an evening hike up Stissing
Mountain*. Have you ever wanted to climb up a rickety fire tower while
fearing for your life, but know it's all worth it when you see the
jaw-dropping views from the top? If so, email  with the
subject line KING OF THE MEOWTAIN.

On Thursday @ 3:30pm, Hailey--the gorgeous hiking, biking, climbing
princess from the southwest--will be biking over to New Paltz for climbing
at the Inner Wall! If you didn't catch this trip last week, then you
definitely don't want to miss out this time. It's about an hour-ish bike
ride there, an hour-ish of climbing, + an hour-ish bike ride back to
campus. If you want to join in, email  with the
subject line I'M FEELING KNOTTY.

And did you know? That there are no naturally occurring blue foods. (

Blueberries have been lying to me for my entire life, which is incredibly
disheartening.


A brisk breeze brushes gently by, and in it, you can faintly sense the
energy of the earth. Pause. The earth pulses, its vibrations almost too
minimal to notice, but for a moment, you feel the connection of all beings.
You breathe a sigh, content to have contributed to the gathering forces in
however slight a way. The wind has a different quality- maybe it is
autumnal, maybe it is the unusual power of currents at this time. You stand
transfixed by the great glowing orb of a bloody moon, and as the breeze
caresses you once again, another sigh escapes from your lips…come on mother
nature, stop playing games.

The moon just did a crazy thing, and you should too. Work out these
feelings by going on a trip with the Outing Club.

We start our weeks on Wednesdays, and for this one:

On Sunday (10/04) @ 10:30AM, Taylor*, the real MVP, will be hiking around
(over, up, on?) Stissing Mountain. This karaoke queen says, "We gonna be
kissing at Stissing," except the kissing is optional. If your tingling
senses are letting you know there is a fire tower with magnificent views,
they wouldn't be wrong. There may also be opportunities for apple picking
on the return trip! Find your chapstick, and email her at
 with
the subject line DO YOU MEAN HERSHEY'S

On Monday (10/05) @ 6:20AM, Hubert*, with his usual fashion and flair, will
be your sunrise bike guide to the Walkway Over the Hudson for a gorgeous
morning experience. Bring your bike, because that will serve as your trusty
steed, and let Hubert take care of the rest. Just don't ask to join his
soccer team. He will have you back in time for all of your
academic appointments, so email  with the subject
line YOU ARE MY SUNSHINE

Also on Monday (10/05) @ 10:30AM, Kat, eager for the 30th of October,
will embark on a later morning walk about at the national historic site of
the Eleanor Roosevelt House and gardens. She anticipates peaceful
surroundings and opportunities for reflection, along with a sprinkle of
baked goods (the Apple Pie Bakery at the CIA is conveniently nearby). Email
 with the subject line THAT'S NOT HALLOWEEN

On Tuesday (10/06) @ 3:30PM, Katherine*, the beautiful, the femme
strength, the hilarious and sweet, will take you and your bikes on another
visit to the Walkway. If there was ever a time to see it, it's now! The
leaves are starting to turn, and you can taste the promise of adventures to
come. Email her at  with the subject line KAT WALK(WAY)

Did you know: Sam (yeah, we just call him 'sam') Gamgee, professional
gardener, is only seen gardening once, in the Extended Edition opening
section "Concerning Hobbits". Here is a profesh picture of him for your
viewing pleasure:


Now that October break is over, and you're back in classes finding yourself
with no exams, no homework, and abundant free time, wouldn't it be great to
soak in the last rays of fall sunshine and see the beautiful foliage before
it's blown away by the winds of winter? Even if you more busy than you had
expected to be, Vassar Outing Club encourages you to set some time aside
for yourself and enjoy the season. Go for a walk on the farm with friends
(I hear tell of multi-beaver sightings within the last few days), go for a
run, sit and read a book on one of Vassar's many benches, or, if any of
these outing club trips tickle your fancy, sign up for one!

If you want to give input about weekly trips or lead one yourself, come to
one of our weekly Wednesday meetings at 9:30 in Cushing Basement.

Trips of the week:

On Friday (10/23) at 4:00, Maryam will be making chocolate chip cookies in
her TH then walking to Sunset Lake around 5-5:30 to watch the sunset with
new friends + hot apple cider. Come with $1 or one of the following: 1 cup
white sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 eggs, 8 oz butter, 2 cups of chocolate
chips. Email Maryam at  with the subject line PLEASE
ENABLE COOKIES

On Saturday (10/24), at 9AM, Hubert and Emily are going to the Catskills to
climb West Kill Mountain. This is a 6.4 mile, fairly strenuous hike with
great views. West Kill mountain is one of the highest in the Catskills.
Hikers with cars especially welcome. We'll be back 4:30ish. Email Hubert
and Emily at  with the
subject line CATSKILL MEOWTAINS

On Monday (9/21) at 7:00AM, Hubert will once again bike to greet the sun on
the Walkway Over the Hudson. Its not that early anymore, you con totally
get yourself up in time, and the views, as always, will be great. You can
email him at  with the subject line IT DAWNED ON ME...

On Tuesday (9/22), at 5:30AM, Kat will be going to Mt. Stissing for a
sunrise hike. Come see a rolling landscape of fiery maples still, misty
lakes from a 90 foot firetower. You'll be back for your 9:30 class. Email
Kat at > with the subject line I'M ON FIRE

Anthony, an Outing Club adventurer that graduated last year is back for one
last trip. On Friday afternoon (10/30)*, he will be going to the Grand
Canyon. Go and see two billion years of Earth's geological history. Great
views and cool rocks guaranteed. Return time - "don't bank on it". Email
Anthony at  with the subject line ITS GORGES!


Please inform leaders if you have a car and are willing to help
transport. Gas and expenses are reimbursable

Quote of the Week:
"The Mountains are calling and I must go."
~John Muir

Did you know? The 'snow' we had on campus last Sunday is actually called '
graupel '. This form of
precipitation occurs when snow crystals encounter supercooled (-40C, but
still liquid!) water droplets on their way down, and result in round balls
of rime .

As you take your late afternoon coffin break, take a moment to scan this
email for opportunities to hang out with your favorite ghostly spirits. And
why not tell some of these spooky stories around a campfire while you're at
it: 

There are many reasons to love October. Whether it's the pumpkins, warm
cider, falling leaves, chilly breeze, stunning colors, or Halloween spirit
that you love the most, Outing Club has you covered. La la la laa la la la
Halloween! Halloween!

Trips happening this week:

On Friday (10/30) @ 7:00pm*: Let Hubert, little goblin, and some spooky
assistants take you for a haunted walk behind and around the golf course at
Vassar in preparation for Hallow-scream! Is there a surprise waiting for
you on the course? Find out! Meet Hubert in front of Vassar's athletic and
fitness center, near the TAs, for a memorably ghoulish time. Email
 with the subject line GONE HAUNTING.

On Saturday (10/31) @ 2:00pm*: Hailey, biker goddess of the Hudson River
Valley, will lead you and your bike on a ride to the super scary and
hauntingly chilling, Pleasant Valley. Rumor has it there is a cemetery to
explore, and we are sure creepy stories could be exchanged along the way!
What a great way to relax before all the spirits rise in the night. Email
 with the subject line HALLOW QUEEN.

On Sunday (11/01) @ 11:00am*: Taylor, postmodern mountain nymph, is going
hiking at Slabslides, a favorite Outing Club haunt. Learn a bit about John
Burroughs, discuss last night's debaucheries, and see what might be the
last of this fiery, leafy fall scenery. Email  with the
subject line BE MY GHOUL FRIEND.

On Wednesday (11/04) @ 1:00pm*: Carve out some good times with Alegra, our
new adventurous doe, and explore the other way of the rail trail. This is
a biking trip, so make sure your bike is in tippity top shape, and join her
for a ride (broomsticks optional)!  Email  with the
subject line BOO-TIFUL BIKERIDE.

Also on Wednesday (11/04) @ 5:00am or even earlier*: Maryam will guide to
you to stunning glory and all that Stissing Fire Tower has to offer.
Haven't seen it yet? Prepare to be amazed. This is a steep climb, but you
will be in the presence of capable fairy hands! Email  with
the subject line FIRE WATER.

Did you know? I**f you look closely in Selick's translation of Neil
Gaiman's Coraline, as the Other Mother makes breakfast, you'll see Jack
Skellington's smiling skull hidden in the yolk of a cracked egg
.


A couple nights ago, I woke up sweat-drenched + on the verge of tears. In
my dream, the Outing Club's beloved home in the Cushing basement (check it
out, we have a snapchat geotag) had been ruthlessly wrecked. Our opulent
murals of snow-capped mountains had been painted over in off-white (is
there any color that's more cruel?), our sunken (and highly questionable)
couches had been stollen, and our weathered maps of hiking trails in the
Hudson Valley had been scattered aimlessly on the ground. I have no idea
what this dream meant (for any dream interpreters out there, let me know
what you think) but PHEW am I glad that it was all just in my head. Didn't
mean to make you worry, the Outing Club + our beloved Cushing lair is still
very much intact. Plus we've got some great trips going on this week! Check
them out...

On Saturday (11/7) @ 1:00pm to Sunday (11/8): Hubert, the dorm-room
beer-brewer (you should ask to sample his latest batch!), will be going on
a bike camping trip*! He says "it'll be 21-miles one way, cold at night,
and you'll have to carry shit" (or were those my own words?). But don't let
that deter you because Hubert's a wonderful conversationalist + nothing
beats biking in the last few moments of autumn. Email 
with the subject line READY FOR A WHEELIE GOOD TIME.

On Sunday (11/8) @ 9:00am: Allegra + Emily, our dynamic hiking duo (trust
me, they can really book it up a mountain!), will be journeying to the
Catskills to climb Overlook + Echo Lake*. This hike is not for the faint
of heart, but if you're up for the 10-mile challenge + want to spend your
Sunday in the great outdoors then make sure to nab a seat in their car.
Email  with the subject line YOU MUST BE A MOUNTAIN
BECAUSE I CAN'T GET OVER YOU. AND if you have a car, you'll be their
hero--so include that in the email

On Thursday (11/12) @ 5:00am: Kat, the chili goddess (her's is better
than the retreat's, which is a massive claim), will be going on a sunrise
hike up Bonticou**. There's no better hike in the Hudson Valley (in my
humble opinion) + you can see all your classmates with sleep still stuck to
the corner of their eyes (what's better?). Email  with
the subject line CAN'T WAIT TO BEARLY SLEEP.

And finally, what you've all been waiting for...*ROCK CLIMBING TRIPS!
On Sunday
(11/22) and Saturday (12/5) we'll be doing half-day climbing adventures
in the 'gunks. These are led by our friends over at Alpine Endeavors +
they'll teach you everything you need to know. We've subsidized the trips
(a lot), but they still cost $35 (but please please let us know if this
price isn't feasible for you + we'll be happy to work something out). It's
first come first serve for the spots, but you'll have to give us your $$$
in order to secure your place. Email  with the subject
line FEELIN' KNOTTY and the date you'd like to go.

Did you know that the Fairy Investigation Society is conducting an ongoing
Fairy Census to gather "scientific details" about sightings. If you've
witnessed or know of a fairy encounter, they want to hear from you.
"Confidentiality is guaranteed." 

Trips for the week:

On Saturday (11/14) at 8:30 Hailey will be leading a trip to climb Mt.
Beacon. This 4.4 mile loop with a firetower has great views of the lower
Hudson Valley, definitely one to check out if you haven't gone before.
Email Hailey at  with the subject line THE VIEWS ARE
BEACONING.

On Sunday (11/15) Brian will be biking to the end of the railtrail past the
Walkway. He will leave at 10:00am for this long sunny bikeride. Email him
at  with the subject line BIKING THE TRACKS.

Also on Sunday (11/15), also at 10:00am Allegra will be going an a
leisurely 2.2 mile loop to visit Ferncliff Firetower. To go find the ferns,
send an email with the subject line LETS BE FRONDS to Allegra at
.

ALSO on Sunday, also at 10:00am, also bringing you a great outing, Taylor
will be going on a walk on the farm with the possibility of gulf
sandwiches. Taylor was pretty mysterious about the incorporation of said
sandwiches into the trip, but be prepared for anything. JAM-PACKED MORNING

On Sunday afternoon Nathan is back to teach us mycology. He will be leading
a walk around campus focused on gathering mushrooms. Its late in the
season, but there has been a lot of rain and nights have been above
freezing, so bring your baskets to Main at 3:30. Email Nathan at
 with the subject line I'M READY FOR A FUN*GAL AFTERNOON

On Monday (11/16) you will get to feel very classy watching the sun set
from the Vanderbilt Estate. Kat will leave at 3:17 on the dot. Why is this
trip punctual enough to require a dot, you may ask? Kat alone knows the
answer. Ask her at  with the subject line WHERE DID
THE SUN GO?

Next Thursday (11/19), Hubert will be going to the south end of the
Dutchess railtrail. This will be a nice late morning bike ride to burn some
calories and soak up some sun, and breath some fresh air. The route is 21
miles (to the end and back), so be prepared for that. He will leave at
10:45. Email Hubert at  with SOUTH-SOUTH-EAST in the
subject line.

Please inform leaders if you have a car and are willing to help
transport. Gas and expenses are reimbursed

Quote of the Week:
"All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking" [during an Outing Club
trip].
~Friedrich Nietzsche

Did you know: The US Interstate road system was designed so that one mile
in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as
airstrips in times of war or other emergencies.


It is that time of year. With relatives mooning each other through open
windows (perhaps a diversion from the bland tofurky), cubes of bouillon
being mistaken for salted caramel in the rice pudding, and your cousin's
pants literally catching on fire after a vigorous game of euchre,
excitement is abound. Fond memories are plentiful, except maybe when you
discovered that Cheddar, your aunt's cat, choked on the marshmallow that
fell off your plate at last night's dinner...(miss you, Ched).

We love the holiday season at the Outing Club, and what better way to
celebrate, make fond memories, and practice gratitude than by joining these
kind folks for an adventure in the great outdoors?

Trips this week:
On Sunday (11/23) @ 9:00AM Allegra and Emily are going on another
~extreme~beautiful~fun~ hiking adventure in the Catskills. It will be
around ten miles, with significant elevation gain, so get those hiking
thighs primed and ready. Depending on the pace of the group, they aim to
return around 4:00PM. Email , with the subject line
ALPACA LUNCH, and let her know if you have a car available to help
transport.

Also on Sunday (11/23) @ 12:00PM Maryam, ephemeral sunshine that she is,
will lead you on a walk to the Vassar Farm & Ecological Preserve. Bring
your sketchbooks, journals, pleasure reading, water colors, cameras,
blender pens, or whatever tools get you in the creative mood. Take a break
from all the work that has been piling up- It'll be a short trip with time
for self-reflection, and there might be tea, so email  with
the subject line FEELING MIGHTEA

Did you know? Cats have 32 muscles in each ear. Love you, Ched.


Ditch your library groutfits and your rarely-washed sweaters (looking at
myself on that one) because guess what all the cool kids are wearing
these days? HIKING DRESSES and HIKING SKIRTS and HIKING KILTS. Don't worry
if you weren't up to date on this new trend, it was shocking news to me
too! Nevertheless, after many difficult hours of reflection and
contemplation, I've got to say it makes a lot of sense--why would you ever
trek up Breakneck Ridge in the imprisoning confines of pants when you could
feel liberated in a dress/skirt/kilt?? Plus you get a nice breeze and can
show off your toned calf muscles. For your reading pleasure:


So break free of the library, throw on your hiking dress/skirt/kilt, and
join the outing club for some end of the semester adventures...

On Saturday (12/5)*, join the outing club for ROCK CLIMBING! We still
have a few spots left and one of them could be yours, so rearrange your
schedule and scramble up some rocks in the 'gunks. We'll be leaving at 8:00
am and should be back by 3:00 pm. The trip costs $35 (but please please
let us know if this price isn't feasible for you and we'll be happy to work
something out). Email  with the subject line CAN I
CLIMB IN A KILT?

On Sunday (12/6)*, join Hubert, Allegra, Emily, and Jay as they journey
into the heart of the Catskills (fun fact: they're thinking about renaming
the mountain range after them since they're there almost every weekend--the
Hu-leg-mil-ays has a nice ring to it, right?). They'll be leaving at 9:00
am to hike Indian Head*, it's around 10 miles so definitely not for the
faint of heart. Email  with the subject line WHAT
COLOR WOULD YOUR HIKING DRESS BE?

Over winter break (trust me this is not a joke)*, join Hailey and Allegra
as they hike the Grand Canyon rim to rim! If you haven't check out this
natural wonder of the world (is it even? just made that up), this is your
chance! It may be cold and difficult, but the company will be great.
They're thinking about going for 5-ish days at the beginning of January,
shoot them a message (resumé and cover letter optional) if you're
interested in joining! Email  with the subject line
WHAT ABOUT HIKING SKORTS?

Did you know that most lipsticks contain fish scales? 

Take care brown bear,
Kat-bert-lor (Kat, Hubert, and Taylor).
While we were all expecting to be sledding, building snowmen, skiing, and
snowshoeing, we get to continue hiking instead! Best of luck with your new
semester, and we hope you make some time to experience the great world
outside of campus as well. As always, if you want to give input about
weekly trips or lead one yourself, come to one of our weekly Wednesday
meetings at 9:30 in Cushing Basement.

Trips of the week:

On Saturday (1/30), Brian is going ice climbing in the Catskills. Need
some excitement in your life? How about scaling frozen waterfalls? While
there may not be snow here, there are cascades frozen in time in the
mountains. You will meet in front of Main at 9:00am. Brian says byob (bring
your own boots, if you have them), or you can rent them in New Paltz on the
way. Though there is very limited space on this trip, do not despair, for
Brian plans to ice-climb every weekend. ALSO there will be two larger
ice-climbing trips with Alpine Endeavours (the same guides that led our
climbing trips) later on. If you are interested, email Brian at
 with the subject line SHOW ME YOUR NEW TOOLS.


Also on Saturday*, Taylor and Maryam will be heading over to Slabsides.
After departing at 10:00am, they will go to hike near the cabin of
naturalist and writer John Burroughs. Not only will you be treated to this
great place for a mid-winter stroll, but you will have local Burroughs
expert Maryam there to tell you all about the writer that once gained
inspiration from the still woods there. Email the subject line I’LL SEE THE
SOURCE OF CELERY AT SLABSIDEDS to Taylor at .

If you want to do something interesting but can only spare an hour, we’ve
got news for you, Hubert will lead a trip to Vassar’s greenhouse on
Saturday*. Have you ever seen bananas actually growing up on a tree? How
about a pineapple growing on a pineapple plant? How well do you think you
know the difference between tea and coffee? You will have an opportunity to
sate your curiosity by showing up at 11:00am on Saturday in the Olmstead
lobby prepared to descent into the closest thing we’ve got to a tropical
paradise. You can just show up, but if you’re brimming with excitement, you
can email Hubert at  with the subject line DO I GET
TO WATER THE PLANTS?

If ice climbing, contemplative slabsidic hiking, and greenhouse-visiting
are too meek for your tastes, the three musketeers – Allegra, Emily, Lizy –
will be hike through three states on Sunday (1/31)*. They will depart at
9:00am to conquer Alander Mountain, and plan to be back around 4:00. There
are two routes they are considering, one eleven miles, the other fifteen.
Let them know which you would like to take when you email Allegra at
 with the subject line SEASONS TAKE NO TOLL ON THE
SEASONED HIKER.

Did you know? more people die from falling coconuts then from shark attacks
every year, and, on average, the Earth is struck by lightning over 100
times every second?

[relatively] warm sunny January days,
~The Outing Club
A bird chirp chirping chips chirps chips in the background, as we stare
forlornly across Vassar Lake. Where is all the ice, and how will we go
ice-skating? What about all those fun sledding trips? Is snow shoeing in
the future? Time can only tell, my dears, and if you ask mother weather,
she’ll only respond with a good laugh and a cup of Celestial Seasoning’s
mint magic tea. Plus whipped cream, of course.



The outing club is happy/alarmed to report: Sprinter has sprung!! Take
advantage of this seriously confounding, ephemeral weather by joining any
of these exciting and excellent trips to come.



This FRIDAY (02/05) @ 2:00PM*: Taylor will be leading a raw milk run
(!!) in honor of a great outing club president of the past, Kevin QT.
We can’t express how excited we are for this once-in-a-lifetime (weekly?)
opportunity to meet some cute cows, experience alternatives to the culture
of pasteurization, and drink milk the way your grandma (or at least Kevin)
intended. Bring home raw milk for the whole family. Email @ with the
subject line RUN FOR A CAUSE



Also on FRIDAY (02/05) @ 1:30PM*: Brian, expert climber, gorgeous hair,
and kind heart, will take any adventurous souls to White plains for an
afternoon of climbing. He is sure to have you back in time for dinner. The
cost of the climbing will be around 9$ if there is not sufficient gear.
Please let our brave leader know if you’d like to join, but are unable to
cover the cost. No experience necessary. Email with the subject line TAKE
ME TO THE TOP



On KATURDAY (02/06) @ 7:00AM*: Kat, back in action, will lead a
leisurely sunrise bike ride to the walkway over the Hudson. If you’ve never
been to the walkway and have a bike, or are blessed to know someone who
might lend you theirs, there is never a better time than now, my friends.
There’s a rumor of breakfast after the ride, or the sweet relief of
climbing back into your bed again. Email with the subject line SUNSHINE
BLUEBERRY



On SUNDAY (02/07) @ 8:00AM*: Brian, at it again, will take you ice
climbing! He’ll have you back by 7:00pm or so, and participants will have
to bring ~8$ for the cost of climbing boots. Previous climbing experience
necessary. Email with questions, concerns, and the subject line PICK ME



Also on SUNDAY (02/07) @ 9:30AM*: Huburt and Mary, intrepid leaders that
they are, will take you to exciting new places. Have you always wanted to
see iron mines? Hike Bald Mountain, all covered with cheese? Both things
will be possible on this outing! It would be great if they could have
someone with a car attend, so please let them know if you’re willing to
lend. Email with the subject line ON TOP OF MNT. BALDY



On MONDAY (02/08) @*10:00AM*: The gorgeous, the brilliant, the one and
only Taylor, will take you on yet another jaunt to Breakneck Ridge. She’ll
have you back by 4:00pm at the absolutely latest, with all limbs in tact.
Email with the subject line BREAK THROUGH



And last but not least, on WEDNESDAY (02/09) @ 5:00PM*: Brian, we told
you he was an expert climber, will return to White plains to take advantage
of the reduced Wednesday climbing price, in addition to getting seriously
ripped. Participants may need ~5$, and will be back by 9:30pm, just in time
for the outing club meeting (on Wednesdays, in the basement of Cushing).
Please email with the subject line MUSCLE MANIA



With apologies for a lengthy email, the outing club has some exciting
announcements, and kindly requests that you stay tuned.


Planning for Spring Break trips has already begun! Our wonderful leaders,
Allegra and Emily, are cooking up a trip in the Great Smoky Mountains for
the first Friday of break, until that next Thursday (03/11-17) or so. They
will do a ~60 mile loop, with five days of hiking and two planned for
driving. Email for more information and to express interest.



Huburt will also plan a trip for the break, this time with kayaking! The
trip will take place during the second half of break. Look for more
information coming soon.



And you thought that was all.

Did you know? Every citizen of Kentucky is required by law to take a bath
once a year.


Please forgive the grievous errors in the previous message. All emails were
excluded. The outing club apologizes for this mistake.

In order:
For Taylor, email 
For Brian, email 
For Kat, email 
For Hubert, email 

Happy Trails
Back in the olden days (when we were wee freshman), our ears burned with
the mythical tales of Outing Club traditions. Many of these adventures
pulled at the corners of our imaginations (like the infamous naked
hikes...just you wait), but one really captivated our attention...*the
valentine's day singles and sociables hike! Wandering into the snowy woods
of the 'Gunks, Catskills, and Adirondacks, past leaders (bless their souls)
would tempt fate to find love with strangers in the great outdoors. The
smell of pines, the sight of flannel, and the feeling of runny noses acted
as the most natural of aphrodisiacs and within moments acquaintances were
transformed into lovers and friends. Oh man...we didn't mean to get your
hearts thumping, this valentine's weather forecast (which is wavering
around a blistering 10 degrees) means we'll all be staying indoors. Wait
wait, what's that? There will be other chances? You bet! Come meet your
special someone (or just a new friend) at any of this week's Outing Club
adventures.

On Friday (2/12) at 1:30pm: Maryam and Hubert, the duo reigning
(respectively) from Alaska and Hawaii, will be conquering the greatest feat
of all time...*sledding on the hill by sunset lake! Not everyone may
survive, but those who do will have a great story to tell. Feel free to
just show up, or if you're feeling especially excited email
 with the subject line I GLOVE YOU, 'CAUSE I'M
SMITTEN.

On Friday (2/12) at 2:00pm: Our resident climber (who masquerades as a
Vassar student), Brian, will be heading down to White Plains for some indoor
rock climbing! If the cold weather has deterred you from the great
outdoors but you still need your adventurous fix, then you've got to check
this out! Come for the ropes and rocks, but stay for the tantalizing
conversation. It'll cost $9 (what a steal!) and you'll be back by 6:30pm.
Email  with the subject line WILL YOU CARABI-MINE?

On Friday (2/12) at 3:00pm: The three beloved fates of the Outing
Club--Allegra, Emily, and Lizzie--will be meandering over to Shunpike Dairy
for another raw milk run! Has store-bought skim milk been getting you
down? Have you always wanted to commune with the cows? Have you missed the
smell of fresh manure on a nippy winter afternoon? If yes, then this is the
trip for you! Email  with the subject line DAIRY FARMERS
MAKE BUTTER LOVERS.

On Saturday (2/13) at 9:00am: Brian (did you know he's lactose
intolerant?) will be hitting up some mixed climbing and dry tooling! Don't
know what that is? Neither do we... But if you've got some rock climbing
experience and you're up for a challenge, this is your chance! Email
 with the subject line YOU'VE GOT ME FEELING KNOTTY.

On Saturday (2/13) at 9:00 am: Our speed hiking pair, Hubert and Allegra,
will be journeying along part of the Escarpment Trail in the
Catskills! They'll
be checking out Newman's Ledge and Bear's Den. Don't let the promise of
bears dull your sensibilities though (or is that just us?), make sure to
bring tons tons tons of layers on this trip because it will be freezing.
Email  with the subject line I GOTTA SAY, I LAVA YOU.

On Monday (2/15) at 5:00am: The ever-lovely Maryam will be traveling up
stissing with sleep still stuck in the corner of her eyes for a sunrise
hike! Do you want to dish about your valentine's day festivities from the
top of a fire tower? If so, then this is the adventure for you! Email
 with the subject line WHALE YOU BE MY VALENTINE?

On Monday (2/15) at 3:30 pm*: Bad boy Brian (just kidding, Brian is
absurdly nice) will be heading back down to White Plains for some indoor
rock climbing! Throw up those ropes, climb into those harnesses, lace up
those shoes because this is a trip you shouldn't miss. It'll cost $9 and
you'll be back around 8:00pm. Email  with the subject
line I'M REALLY LICHEN YOU.

On Wednesday (2/17) at 3:00pm: Hubert, our home-brew expert (you've
really got to get his plum wine recipe), will be cycling to the Walkway
Over the Hudson! Break those icicles off your tires, clean the snow from
your rusty chain so you can make sure to join him. Email
 with the subject line I WHEELIE LIKE YOU.

On Wednesday (2/17) at 5:00pm: Brian (same great guy, I swear we haven't
made any clones...yet) will be journeying one last time (or at least till
next week) to White Plains for indoor rock climbing! Grab one of those
coveted seats in his car before they slip away. It'll be $5 (wow wow, the
gym is cheaper on Wednesdays) and you'll be back around 9:30pm. Email
 with thesubject line YOU GIVE ME A PORPOISE.

If this email and those trips don't satiate your desire for Outing Club
shenanigans, we have our weekly meeting on Wednesday nights in the Cushing
basement (on the side closer to Kenyon). Everyone is super welcome, come
share your ideas with us sometime!

Did you know: a blue whale's heart is the size of a volkswagen beetle and
that you could swim through some of its arteries!

Imagine this: you’re gliding between the reeds, looking for mayfly larva,
small snails, or other crunchables to fill your stomach. Winter is over and
the river has swollen with water. The cold snow-melt has warmed up somewhat
by the time it reaches your stretch of river, but the water still has a
sharpness, a freshness that speaks of cold mountaintops. You pass a
clearing among the old cypress trees and a ray of sunlight scatters off
your iridescent scales. The warmth of the sun and muted susurration of the
leaves in the trees above you fill you with a strange energy. You want to
swim far and strong, to see new sights and taste new waters. With a flick
of a fin you’re gone from the clearing, know all too well that the potency
of spring spurs alligators to the hunt just as it spurs you. You leave the
swamp and join the main flow of the river. Tiny colourful pebbles slide and
roll below you on their long journey to the ocean. You see your sleek
shadow weave along the bottom, as you look down the silky ribbons of light
that pass through the ripples above you. Oh, it’s so wonderful to be alive
on a fine spring day! Suddenly, the light is blocked; a dark shape glides
above you! You turn towards the shore, but suddenly your way is blocked by
a black, shiny fin. This is like no alligator you’ve seen before! You dart
the other way, barely avoiding another fin, knowing this moment may be your
last. Then, suddenly, you hear laughter from above. You look closer and you
see that the fin is a paddle, and the dark shape is not an alligator, but a
kayak, with a Vassar Outing Club member in it merrily paddling along
through the sparkling water.

Trips of the week:

On Friday (2/19), at 3:00 milkmaids Matea and Allegra will once again go to
Shunpike Dairy to defy the 1% with udderly raw milk. When you get back, you
can tell your friends that you saw the supreme quart as you show them your
jugs. You can also cownt the cows if they’re in a good moood. I’ve been
trying to milk these puns as much as possible, but I know I’ll have to wean
myself off of them sooner or lait-er. If you are interested in scratching
cow heads and getting milk, email Matea at  with the
subject line MAKE IT LEGENDAIRY

On Saturday (2/20), Allegra and Emily are going to climb Indian and Twin
Mountains in the Catskills. This is a repeat of a spectacular trip done
last semester, and includes a section of the Devil’s Path. The hike will be
a little under 10 miles. They will meet at the Deece at 9:00, and depart
after a quick breakfast. If you are interested, email Allegra at
 with the subject line GOOD INTENTIONS ARE MUD AND ROCKS
ON THE DEVIL’S PATH.

On Saturday from 1:00 to 6:00, Monday (2/22) from 3:30 to 8:00, and on
Wednesday (2/24) from 5:00 to 9:30, Brian is going to go climbing at The
Cliffs. Chipotle may be involved in the Wednesday trip. If you are
interested, email Brian at  with the subject line
CLIMBING ROPES AREN’T KINKY

On Sunday (2/21), Cosmo will lead an expedition to the Lost City. Tales
tell of a mountain fortress in ages long passed – of knights, fair ladies,
feasts, and adventures. The scribes that managed to escape when the
fortress was lain low by a fierce dragon have passed down scrolls from
generation to generation until they reached Cosmo Sweeney, first of his
name. Now, he has read the portents and deemed it time (10:30am to 3:00pm,
to be precise) to find the lost city. Email Cosmo at 
with the subject line I’M READY FOR A COSMIC EXPERIENCE

So you are under the impression that Brian is the best rock climber in
town? You have not met Mary, Queen of Quartz, Guardian of Granite, and
Mighty Ruler of all Rocks. Mary and Hubert will pretend they know what
they’re doing as they lead a climbing trip to on Thursday (2/27) at 6:00pm
to the Inner Wall in New Paltz. Email Mary at  with the
subject line BORN BETTER AT BOULDERING

Finally, Hubert, Allegra, and Kyle will be leading a 7-day kayaking trip
over spring break! They will be kayaking down the Roanoke River in North
Carolina. They will leave on Friday March 18, and get back the following
Friday. This will certainly be a trip to remember, with swamps, forests,
and wildlife aplenty. Due to the expensive nature of the trip, you will be
asked to contribute $50. Email Hubert at  with the
subject line LET THE RIVER SWEEP MY WORRIES AWAY to learn more.

Did you know? Aleksander 'Olek' Doba kayaked across the Atlantic Ocean
twice!



Who decided it isn't ok to be sentimental? Here at the Outing Club we know
the importance of doing and celebrating what we love, and if you can take a
moment to do something that makes you and the ones you love happy- we can't
think of a better way to spend your time. Maybe it's this weather, maybe
it's the cayenne pepper, maybe it's the end of February, maybe we just want
to say "we love you, baby."

Show us some lovin', and come on an Outing Club Trip!

Trips this week:

On FRIDAY (2/26) @ 3:00PM: Adventuregirls, Emily and Matea are taking you
on yet another raw milk run. Trust us folks, if you haven't been to the
farm yet to pick up some raw milk, eggs, or to pat the cows and kitties,
now is your chance! The hype is real, and we can't think of a more relaxing
way to spend the afternoon. Email  with the subject line
MOORE MILK

Also on FRIDAY (2/26) @ 5:00PM: Brian "isn't that the guy who always goes
climbing" Zhang, is, you guessed it, going climbing! But wait, this time
he'll be going without the long commute. Brian is psyched to introduce you
to the new climbing gym in our very own Poughkeepsie. Don't miss out on the
chance to explore this new gym with the best of Poughkeepsie's climbers
(read ahead for more chances). Check out the gym at this link:
 and email
 with the subject line GRAVITY MADE ME DO IT

On SATURDAY (2/27) @ 9:30AM: Rise and shine with Allegra as she embarks
one a trip to Bash Bish Falls. Thought it was Bish Bash? Think again (we're
pretty sure 'Bash Bish' is right). There promises to be great views, and
who knows, if the corner store is open you might be able to get your paws
on some cinnabomb bread. Email  with the subject line
WHICH ONE IS IT?

Also on SATURDAY(2/27) @ 1:00PM: Guess what? Brian is back at it. Come
check out the new gym on this, your second chance. There will be a fee for
climbing and gear rental, so check with Brian about costs (this applies for
all climbing days at the new gym). Email  with the
subject line GROOVY, BABY

On MONDAY (2/29) @ 5:00AM: Taylor, fearless captain that she is, will
take you and your sleepy eyes on a sunrise hike at Stissing. It's a bit
steep in the beginning, but well worth the sore legs for the beautiful
view! Rumor has it…there might be an impromptu polar bear plunge. Feel good
about yourself all day long after completing these heart- expanding
challenges. Email  with the subject line FIRE AND ICE

Also on MONDAY (2/29) @ 3:30PM: Brain "you already know what it is" Zhang
is…drumroll please…doing more climbing!! Still at the new gym, so email
 with the subject line THIRD TIME'S THE CHARM

Then, on WEDNESDAY (3/02) @ 6:00PM: Brian, let's give him a round of
applause folks, will hit the gym (the climbing one, that is) one more time
before the next Outing Club week begins (on wednesdays, in case you didn't
know). Is anyone up to the challenge of going with Brian all four times??
We can't wait to hear about it. Email  with the subject
line ROCK ON

That's it for the week's trips. As a reminder, Outing Club's mission is to
provide fun and safe opportunities for all students to explore off and
around campus. Please show respect and appreciation to your fellow students
(leaders) and attendees of trips, who have worked to make this possible.
Spread the love, y'all.

Did you know? While the modern version of French Onion Soup comes from
17th century France, it only became popular in the U.S. during the 60s,
when there was renewed interest in French cuisine. Thank ya' onions, and
thank your onions. 

Guess what’s been on our minds? Nope, it’s not midterms, retreat chili, or
the warm weather. The thing we’re thinking of is more pressing and
constantly resurfaces within our thoughts, imaginations, and nightmares.
The right answer is: BEARS BEARS BEARS. It doesn’t matter what kind—black
bear, brown bear, grizzly bear, polar bear, sloth bear—we both adore and
fear them all. In honor of the most magnificent of woodland creatures,
watch this video  of a brown bear just
hanging, munching, and scratching. After you’re done, make sure to check
our our weekly trips…where (most likely) you won’t see any of our furry
four-legged friends.


On Friday (3/4) @ 10:30am: Kat, the Georgian queen (reigning from the
state not the country), will be heading out to hike the red hawk wing
trail. Rumor has it that this trail might be close to Lucy Johnson’s
(beloved anthropology professor) house + that she might have a hot tub.
This probably shouldn’t sway your decision because the Outing Club doesn’t
endorse trespassing (okay you caught us, just not on property of people we
know…), but it’s always fun to know tidbits about the intimate lives of
professors. If you want to tag along, email  with the
subject line: DO YOU ALSO ADORE HOT TUB TIME MACHINE?

On Friday (3/4) @ 3:05pm: Maryam, our bread baker extraordinaire, will be
journeying over to Shunpike Dairy for (you guessed it) another raw milk
run! If you haven’t gotten your fix of unpasteurized deliciousness, then
this is the trip for you. Think about all the raw hot chocolate,
raw cereal,
raw milkshakes you could indulge in…our mouths are watering. If you want
to nab a place in the car, email  with the subject
line: READY TO BE A’MOOSED.

On Saturday (3/5) @ 9:30am: Maryam and Emily, two lovely ladies who know
loads about soils, will be partnering up with Run Vassar for a trail run
at Minnewaska! This will be an “easy paced” 8.5 mile jaunt through the
woods (if nothing about this screams easy, don’t worry, you’re not alone).
But the enticing promise of getting away from campus + running in the great
outdoors should may be enough to peak your interest! If you want to grab a
spot, email  with the subject line: YOU’RE MY RUNNING
SOLE MATE.

On Saturday (3/5) @ 9:30am: Allegra, who now owns an ultralight hiking
backpack (yes, we’re all jealous), will be heading out to hike part of the
AT to Nuclear Lake. Remember those days before coal-fired power plants
when nuclear energy was king? This lake is a leftover relic from that time,
so come on this adventure to find out if you’ll sprout a third arm after
dipping your hand in the water! If you want to check it out, email
 with the subject line: CAN OUR THIRD HANDS BE FRIENDS?

On Sunday (3/6) @ 12:00pm: Brian, that guy who climbs nearly all the
time, will venture over to Poughkeepsie’s new Gravity Vault for some indoor
rock climbing! That’s right, Poughkeepsie (the urban metropolis + cultural
epicenter that we all cherish so dearly) is now the new home of a fancy
climbing gym. If you haven’t been over to check it out every day in the
past week (we’re looking at you Brian), then this is your chance! If you
want to climb, belay + rappel, email  with the subject
line: LET’S FIND SOME GNEISS BOULDERS.

On Monday (3/7) @ 5:00am: Kat, our patron saint of chili + cornbread,
will drive on over to Bonticou (or possibly Stissing) for a sunrise hike! If
you haven’t seen the sun pop up over the Hudson Valley, who is to say it
really happens? Groggily climb out of bed, lace up your hiking boots + wipe
the sleep from your eyes...I promise you won’t regret it. If you want to
check it out, email  with the subject line: WILL YOU
SUPPLY THE COFFEE?

On Monday (3/7) @ 6:30pm: Brian, at it again, will be journeying to
Gravity Vault for another round of indoor rock climbing! Maybe you missed
the last climbing trip? Or maybe you saw a cutie there last time + want to
return so you can ask for his/her/their number? Either way, we’ve got you
covered. If you want to grab a spot, email  with the
subject line: READY TO ROCK YOUR WORLD.

On Tuesday (3/8) @ 9:00am: Taylor, the monarch of the Midwest, will be
setting out to hike up Bull Hill! This trail is Breakneck’s less popular
neighbor, so it needs a little loving. If you don’t have classes until the
afternoon, throw on those hiking boots because it’s supposed to be sixty
degrees (side note: very very scared about the state of our planet). If
you want to tag along, email  with the subject line: I
PINE FIR SOME OUTDOOR TIME.

On Wednesday (3/9) @ 3:30pm: Brian, same guy + same thing, will be
meandering over to Gravity Vault for indoor rock climbing (third time’s
the charm)! Maybe hump day is the only time you’re free? Or maybe you +
that cutie really have a good thing going? For whichever reason, we’re here
for you. Get ready to scamper up some rocks + Brian’s climbing prowess might
just rub off on you. If you want to come along, email 
with the subject line: WON’T TAKE YOUR CLIMBING SKILLS FOR GRANITE.

And, last but certainly not least, over spring break: Acacia, a great gal
+ newbie to the Outing Club, is heading out for an overnight hike on the
AT! The trip should be around 3 days + 2 nights, probably the second week
of spring break (but the exact dates are flexible). The route winds through
Massachusetts into Vermont + it’ll be around 6 miles per day. If you’re
intrigued by this budding adventure, email  with the
subject line: AN ADVENTURE? ALPACA MY BAGS.

Just a reminder: please please please return the Outing Club gear that
you’ve borrowed. We love lending out our backpacks, sleeping bags, tents,
etc. because it ensures that everyone can go on wild outdoor adventures.
However, we don’t have a ton of gear to go around + we need it back once
you’re done. If you’ve been holding onto something from our gear room,
email  to find a time to drop it off.

Did you know: your tongue is the fastest healing part of your body?


What's Spring without a little rain? We can't imagine a better atmosphere
in which to kayak with dolphins, hike through the smoky (misty) mountains,
and set up camp in the middle of a river. We could get all Mary Oliver and
wax poetic, or instead, leave you with this gem of an insight: rain loves
dirt. And dirt don't hurt.

However you feel about rain, it's headed our way- but don't let that deter
you from enjoying this week's trips! And if you ever needed some extra
confidence to break out your water shoes, now is the time.

On THURSDAY (3/31) @ 7:00PM*: (That's this evening, folks!) Brian will
take you on the climbing trip of your dreams to the newly opened gym in
Poughkeepsie. He would like participants to email him concerning their
ability to belay. Can you? Can you not? Either way, let him know! Email
 with the subject line BELAY IT ON ME

On FRIDAY (4/1) @ 3:10PM*: Milkmaid Maryam will guide you along the milk
run of your dreams! A short car ride away to the creamiest, most luscious
milk you've ever tasted, and cute cows to boot. Did I mention the barn
cats? This is not a drill. Email  with the subject line
DAIRY GODMOTHER

Also on FRIDAY (4/1) @ 4:17AM*: Paul "ginger of our dreams" Clarke will
take you on the sunrise hike of your wildest imagination. Love waking up
early like Paul? Get up and at 'em to start the weekend right, and use your
three minutes wisely. Be sure to email  with all your
questions, like where will we be going? Why 4:17am? What made you a morning
person? (one question per email please), and the subject line DID YOU MISS
THIS

On SATURDAY (4/2) @ 11:00AM*: The one, the only...Brain Zhang ladies and
gentlefolk, will be hitting the climbing gym! This time, we'll call him
"well seasoned." As always, let him if you can belay or not. Email
 with the subject line FLEXI PANTS

On MONDAY (4/4) @ 3:00PM*: Brain "just shred it" Zhang will go skating at
the local skate park in Poughkeepsie!! Just kidding, he's going climbing.
Bring your smile, your curiosity, your strong arms, and leave your board at
home (or bring that, too!) Email  with the subject line
DREAMING OF THE 5.15

On WEDNESDAY (4/6) @ 5:00AM*: Yes, at that bright and golden hour and
weather permitting, Maryam will take you to chase the sun at Stissing. Go
to sleep early, follow your heart out of bed, and let the rays permeate
your conscious for the rest of the day. Email  with the
subject line IT DAWNED ON ME

Also on WEDNESDAY (4/6) @ 4:00ishPM*: Hubert, kayaking king, will switch
it up for an afternoon bike ride along the rail trail. You know the drill,
email  with the subject line STACK ON STACKS (OF
CREPES)

Reminder: Please return Outing Club gear if you have it! Maryam will be
waiting outside of the gear room in the basement of Cushing from 8:30 until
9:30PM on Wednesday evenings.

Did you know? The best way to stay drier in the rain is to run! Here's all
you need to know: 


Extra credit if you get the reference from the subject line.

Trips of the week:

No class tomorrow? Only one morning class? What better way to unwind after
the week than to join Maryam on a hike tomorrow, Friday (4/15), at 10:30
am? She’s going to do one of the easier Catskill hikes: Panther Mountain.
The hike will be only 7 miles, and great views (at least 6 of them) are
guaranteed. Extra drivers are extra welcome! Please email Maryam at
 with the subject line LET’S CLIMB 18TH HIGHEST PEAK!

Brian, climbing machine that he is, will be climbing Friday (4/15) at
7:00pm and Sunday (4/17) at 11:00am. Whether you’ve never climbed or you’re
a seasoned belayer, here is your chance to have some fun and challenge
yourself. Email Brian at  with the subject line WE’RE
OUR OF ROCK PUNS.

On Saturday (4/16), Hubert and Allegra are going on a sunset hike (kinda
like a sunrise hike, except you don’t need to wake up at 4:30am and you
don’t need to get back in time for class) at Brace Mountain. This is the
highest peak in Dutchess County at a lofty 2311 feet of elevation. Expect a
fairly short (5 mile round trip) but challenging hike up to a clearing and
a great view. They will depart at 4:00pm and be back 10:00ish. If you are
interested, email Hubert at  with the subject line
WHAT’S HIGHER THAN A DUTCHESS?

Also on Saturday (4/16), Emily will once again head out to the Catskills at
9:30am. This time she has her sights set on Wittenberg and Cornell
Mountains. This will be a difficult 10 mile out and back with a lot of
elevation gain and some moderate rock-scrambling. If you have a car, you’re
doubly welcome. Email Emily at  with the subject line
I’LL SCRAMBLE ROCKS WITH YOU ANY DAY

Allegra has a treat for you on Sunday (4/17). She will lead a short (2 mile
one way) hike to swim at Vernooy Kill Falls. What’s more, she’s leaving at
12:00 noon. The falls are gorgeous (google them), and the weather is in the
mid-70s. Who wouldn’t want to go on this trip? Again, if you have a car
that you are willing to drive (you will be reimbursed for gas), please let
Allegra know when you email her at  with the subject line
JUST KEEP SWIMMING, JUST KEEP SWIMMING

Bold leaders Taylor and Kat will be leading a camping trip this weekend,
starting Friday (4/15) night. They will share with you the experience
they’ve gained over their four years Outing-Clubbing while having a
campout. You are encouraged to bring your own snacks, coffee, and tissues
(to dry your leader’s tears) on this writing-intensive camping trip in Ely
Hall. If the Taylor and Kat are feeling especially adventurous, they may
also go to the 24-hour section of the Library, who knows? Even if thesis
writing is not your cup of tea, email Kat and Taylor at
 with the subject line HANG IN
THERE, YOU’RE ALMOST DONE!

Finally, next Wednesday (4/20) Emily and Maryam are going to teach you how
to set up tents and use backpacking backpacks. This will be the first in a
series of ‘Outing Club for Beginners’ informal courses. Emily and Maryam
have a lot of experience between them, and they’d love to teach you and
answer questions. Email Emily at  with the subject line
I WANT TO BE IN-TENTS.



Did you know? Sea Serpents are real, they're called oarfish. The Giant
Oarfish can grow to be huge (36 feet long is the confirmed record, though
there was an unconfirmed report of a 56 foot individual).
My Dear Out(of this world)ing Club,

The air has that feeling in it.  The trees have that look, and the wind has
that exciting new edge.  The sky this morning is heavy with that certain
kind of grey.  With the start of classes, fresh books make that
snap-crackle-pop when you open them, and have that new book smell when you
inhale those glorious pages (hi,ilikestudyingenglishandi'mrelecool).
Yesterday, I SERIOUSLY considered buying a gallon of apple cider from
Adam's, and then, for no apparent reason, had a compulsion to watch Hocus
Pocus (forever the best movie) at midnight.  Sorry housemates but hellooo
Thackery Binx from me when I was 10.  All these signs point to one,
wonderful, conclusion: FALL aka AUTUMN is very near at hand.  And, as every
outing clubber knows, fall is the absolute best time to enjoy our happy
little part of the country (besides, of course, the equally great seasons
of winter, spring, and summer).  For this year's very first week of trips,
we can't wait to get out there and celebrate the changing air for ourselves
with a little bit of romping around in the woods and rocks.

If you were unable to come to last night's meeting, no worries!  This is
how it pretty much works: simply read through the trips, and if one sounds
good, email the trip leader listed.  Said trip leader will then email you
back if there is room on the trip (or if there isn't), and let you know
what to bring, wear, what to expect on the trip, and so on.  Without
further ado, here are this week's trips:

on Friday 9/12 (tomorrow!)*, Kevin and Alicia are going bouldering.
Yeehaw!  Rocks!  Using your muscles!  Talking to Kevin about the benefits
of raw milk and seven month old beer!  They will be leaving Main at
10:30am, so get on this one quick by emailing Kevin at .

also on Friday, Angelo and friends are going on a second round of
bouldering!  More rocks!  If interested in going on this later trip (and
avoiding Kevin and Alicia, who are pretty horrible), email Angelo at
 - leaving Main at 3:00pm.

on Saturday 9/13*, the magnificent Mary is heading to Mt. Beacon.  This is
a classic and super fun local hike, so don't miss out on a chance to get to
know our sweet little valley a bit better!  Mary will be beckoning you to
beacon (eh?) at 10:00am from Main...email  for more
information!

next, on Sunday 9/14*, I'll be taking a little trip up Stissing Mountain.
Stissing is a VOC favorite, probably because it has a 90 foot (ooh
higher than regulation fire tower height) fire tower at the top with darn
good views of some lovely farms and mountains.  I'll be taking off from
Main at 10:00am, so email  and come hike off your
serenading sleepiness with me.

After the weekend, Mary will be leading another journey on Tuesday
9/16.  This
time she'll be checking out the Walkway Over the Hudson and savoring the
early morning Hudson River views.  If you haven't been to the Walkway yet,
you should really take Mary up on this.  It's a great part of Po-town, and
spans the entire width of the river.  AND THERE MIGHT BE BREAKFAST
INVOLVED.  She'll be leaving Main at 7:15am: email .

Also on Tuesday 9/16*, Ali will be taking folks to the Inner Wall for some
climbing!  She's leaving from Main at 5:00pm: email !

Can't go on Tuesday?  Go on Wednesday 9/17!  Leah is back from abroad
(yess!) and ready to lead some trips!  Join her at the Inner Wall via Main
circle at 3:00pm, and email .

Ali is returning to the Inner Wall on Thursday 9/18*, same time (5:00pm),
same place, same email ()!! So little time, so much
climbing!  Such a good problem!

If my fingers could be out of breath, they would be.  In a good way. BUT
this is our last trip of the week!  NEXT Friday 9/19, Tim and friends are
going on an overnight to the Catskills for some hiking, camping, and VOC
memory-making.  They are leaving on Friday at 2:00pm and returning sometime
on Saturday.  Why does Tim liken himself to ketchup?  That's for you to
find out.  Email  for all the juicy details.

Hot dang!  Have fun out there this week!
Please keep your eyes peeled for emails concerning: merch tabling, news
from our new partnership with College Outside*, October break trips, and
various other shenanigans!

And please remember, we meet every Wednesday at 9:30 in the glory of the
Cushing basement: any and all are welcome!!

