hope y'all had a good break. Meeting today from 4-5 pm in CC240.

Also, come to our spoken word event on friday, BurgerSlam! It's in Burgerfi
from 8-10pm. Come early to sign up for open mic.


Welcome back to Wordsmiths and to the blizzard that finally came!

We will be having our first meeting of the semester tomorrow, Tuesday Feb.
3rd at 8pm in CC 237. This is a temporary meeting time as we are shifting
the time for GB meetings and workshops this semester and we want your
feedback about when you want them to happen!
SO. Come to the meeting to:

1. Suggest a new, permanent meeting time*! We know last semester's time
was inconvenient for many folks so let's change it up.

2. Discuss upcoming events such as the February Open-Mic, the March CUPSI
showcase, and future event ideas!

3. Brainstorm new kinds of meeting styles and workshops (haiku battles,
freestyle cyphs, paper clipping, exquisite corpse etc. now I'm just making
up words). We want your ideas!

4. Sign up to lead writing workshops!

5. Share poemz, uh course.

Don't worry if you've never come to a meeting before, we're fun, you're
fun. Let's get stoked and rhyme, or not, you know! And now, some
existential odes to groundhogs:


1. I heard the meeting on Tuesday was a blast, for those of us who couldn't
be there and cried about it, let's make sure to go next week!

2. If you have strong feelings about when general meetings and workshops
should be held (or just strong feelings about whenisgood*) please fill
this out with your typical weekly schedule to let us know when you're free!
If you fill it out by the end of the weekend then we can give you next
week's meeting time, hurrah.



(all hours of the day are highlighted but don't worry, we will pick a
reasonable hour aka not this hour right now)

3. Also, Richard Le shared this poem and asked us to share it with you all,
so enjoy! Thanks, Richard.

Beau Sia Performs "Bound by a Line, aka Asian Girls"


Hope your weekends involve many naps and only one whenisgood.


Don't forget to fill out this whenisgood

for when you are available for meetings and workshops!!!

Do it now please so I can send you our updated time by the end of tonight!

<3


1. Official new meeting times!

Meetings: Tuesdays, 8-9pm
Workshops: Sundays, 4-5pm

For those of you who are disappointed by these times, I'm sorry! Of course
there was no perfect time but these were the best options. (If you're
unhappy, email me and let's find alternative ways for you to be involved.)
This Tuesday's meeting will be in CC 237 at 8pm! 

2. We will officially we holding an Open Mic in collaboration with BSU
(Black Students Union) on February 27th at 7pm in Rocky 200 in honor of
Black History Month!

If you are interested in performing at the open mic, please email the
glorious, Royal Scales at roscales@vassar.edu. When considering whether or
not to perform, remember that this event is intended to spotlight black
artists.

3. If you would like to be removed from this email list (because you
graduated, are too busy, find me unwitty) please send me an email and I
will willingly (woefully) do so!

And now, a haiku for you--


If you missed the meeting tonight, that means you missed the sea shanty of
all sea shanties that had all of us swaying and seasick in the best of ways
(Thanks, Antony!).  AKA don’t miss next week’s meeting.

You also missed these ANNOUNCEMENTS, but have no fear for I have written
them here ~~~

   1. Wordsmiths is attending the finals of the Wade-Lewis Poetry Slam
   Invitational held at SUNY New Paltz on Saturday night, March 7th*. We
   don’t have times yet buttt I’ll keepya posted. Hannah will be driving a
   shuttle to the finals so if you want a seat on the shuttle OR you are
   willing to drive and have seats, email Hannah at 
   (that skewl we go 2). YAYY!
   2. Reminder: BSU and Wordsmiths are holding an Open Mic on February 27th
   at 7pm in Rocky 200 in honor of Black History Month! The performances
   are intended to feature solely black artists and the performers are welcome
   to share their own poetry or covers or songs, etc. Please email Royal at
    to sign up to perform!
   3. Our first workshop of the semester will be this Sunday from 4-5pm
   in CC 240*. These workshops are (a bla$t) a great way to get yourself
   writing (on a campus that can make it hard to find time to write da poemz)
   in a communal atmosphere. Study break of all study breaks!

Check out this poem by Daisy Armstrong that Kim and Royal shared called
"This Shit Looks Deep," (from which I am taking extensive notes on
how-to-slam...hehe)


Don't forget to come to workshop today at 4pm at CC 240*!

~Soothe your aching heart with words and good company~


1. For those who came to the workshop on Sunday, thanks for your glowing
presences and words! We had a blast exploring love/hate/anti-love/anti-sad
love poems and such. Out of the workshop gems like: "the life of a
shoelace," "a 6-minute compromise," "a body full of dust" and "your mind
wrapped in plastic."

2. For those of you who missed the workshop, fear not, for we have a
meeting tonight at 8pm in CC237*!  After the wildness of Valentine's Day,
I have faith that there will be many an angsty and/ or sexy poem to be
shared. Not to be missed.


1. If you missed the meeting tonight, you missed this quote by Aileen in
response to Antony's under-pants poem: "And you brought it to the toilet
which.. is my favorite place for poems to go!!!" Not to mention this
quote by Kim: "There is no way to think like a poet, you just think how you
think and then write that." (~depth, laughs, "mmm's", snaps~)

2. Don't forget to hype our Open Mic in Collab with BSU in honor of Black
History Month which will be Friday, February 27th at 7:30pm in Rocky 300! The
stage itself is a black affinity space but everyone should pack the
audience! Email Royal at  if you're interested in
signing up to perform.

3. Don't forget to email Hannah at  if you want to
attend the finals of the SUNY New Paltz Wade-Lewis Slam on Saturday night,
March 7th. 'Twill be a blast 'n' a half!

4. The lovely Aileen will be leading workshop from 4-5pm this Sunday in
CC 240*! The theme will be collaborative poetry*! Let's write together
wow.

5. We officially have our meeting and workshop locations set! Meetings,
every Tuesday from 8-9pm will be located in CC 237. Workshops, every Sunday
from 4-5pm will be in CC 240! Yay, you can find us!

And now, enjoy these poems from Safia Elhillo, a New York- based, Sudanese-
American poet who is part of Striver's Row. She writes about loss and
mourning and language and etc and she's wonderful. Enjoy!


PUN ALERT

Hello and Happy Friday!!

1. Writing to share with you all the Facebook event for next weekend's Black
History Month Open-Mic*!



It has everything you need to know-- hope you can make it and event your
friends! (not just an excuse to get you to be my FB friend ok..)

2. Also, don't miss the lovely Aileen leading workshop from 4-5pm this
Sunday in CC 240*! The theme will be collaborative poetry*!

3. REMINDER! If you don't want to receive my emails because your spam
folder is full o' me, lemme know! I will cry one single tear and then
remove you.

Have the best of weekends, fine-feathered friends (what).


Workshop today on collaborative poetry led by ~Aileen~!
4pm in CC 240!
Be there! Square!

k, I'm exhausted of exclamation points just come <3


1. We will be meeting in CC 237 tonight at 8pm! You don't want to miss
today because we will be playing a haiku game tralala~ and getting psyched
for Friday's "Black Open Mic."

Bring poems, pens, peace, ponies etc.

2. If you missed Sunday's workshop, you missed the most amazing CoLlAb
pOeTry sesh! We created many duo poems and one full group poem and we were
stunned by how incredible the results were. I was left with goosebumps. Esp
b/c this except from Drew and Alex's poem:

"CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS

CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS

CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS

CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS CLOUDS

COVERING CONCRETE

And my hummingbirds.
"

yup. Thanks for leading, Aileen! If YOU want to lead workshop or have wild
ideas, let us know at the meeting tonight or via email.

3. IMAGES,  "a yearly student publication created by the ALANA Center as a
vehicle for creative self-expression for African American/Black, Latino/a,
Asian/Asian American/AAPI, and Native American students," is accepting new
submissions! They will be holding an info session in the ALANA Center
tomorrow (Wednesday, Feb. 25th) from 5-6pm!

Here's the facebook event for more info:


1. To those who came to Tuesday's meeting, thanks for participating in the
ferocious !!!haiku battle!!!. I have never laughed that hard at kind people
saying mean things to each other. One of Ally and my most fiery burns:

pointless syllables,

spittle dribbles down your chin
alas, why bother?

{victory}

2. TOMORROW!! Is Black Open Mic in Rocky 300 at 7:30!! We have many
incredible performers lined up so please come support, snap, swoon!

3. NEXT WEEKEND is the Wade Lewis Poetry Slam at SUNY New Paltz. If you
want to come to finals on Saturday night March 7th, email
 about space in the van OR if you have your own
transportation!

4. After Sunday's very successful collab poetry workshop, Aileen suggested
that Wordsmiths restart a zine for poetry that we write together during
workshops. We are thrilled to start the WORDSMITHS ZINE! If you are
interested in joining the Zine Committee, please email Rosa at
robozhkov@vassar.edu!


So far, it seems to be just as snowy as February but I'll keep you posted
if anything changes.

For those who came to Black Open Mic on Friday, thank you for helping to
make it a beautiful event. Each and every performer was phenomenal, and the
audience was mesmerized.

Workshop today will be in CC240 from 4-5*! Today's workshop will be led by
the one and only, Royal Scales. She's quite the page-turner, or so I've
been told. I'm currently applying for the position of Royal's personal
Hype-woman, so clearly I'm a fan.


It's still Sunday! (but alas, no Sun in sight)

1. Thanks to Royal and those who came to her fabulous haiku workshop today!
We learned how haikus can help us to find what the most important parts of
a poem are and help us brainstorm for new poems.
Also, thnx b2 gd for this haiku by Drew:

AN INTROVERT ROCK
OH NO DOESN'T KNOW THAT HE
SUPPOSED TO MAKE FRIENDS

{cue: one single tear}

2. THIS COMING WEEKEND is the Wade Lewis Poetry Slam at SUNY New Paltz. If
you want to come to finals on Saturday night March 7th, email
 about space in the van OR if you have your own
transportation!

3. After last Sunday's very successful collab poetry workshop, Aileen
suggested that Wordsmiths restart a zine for poetry that we write together
during workshops. We are thrilled to start the WORDSMITHS ZINE! If you are
interested in joining the Zine Committee, please email Rosa at
robozhkov@vassar.edu!

4. Don't miss our meeting on Tuesday from 8-9pm in CC240. To get ourselves
pumped for the Wade Lewis Slam this coming weekend, the focus for this
week's meeting will be performance poetry! Bring work that you want to
share on your feet for performance feedback.

And now, some brilliant haikus 4 u:


Don't miss tonight's meeting at 8pm in CC237! The topic for this
meeting is performance
poetry-- bring poems for performance feedback or just come to share and
listen!


Happy International Women's Day (*cough is every day cough duh)!

1. After a long weekend of poems and wildness, the VC CUPSI team won the
Annual Wade-Lewis Poetry Slam at SUNY New Paltz!! Thanks so much for the
Wordsmiths GB members who came to support us! Next stop: Virginia for
CUPSI!!!

2. Today's workshop will be in CC240 at 4 led by none other than THE Kim
Carlson. She's a hoot and a half-- don't miss it!

3. Our meeting will be, as always, on Tuesday at 8 in CC 237. Be there or
square!

Let us keep crossed fingers for Spring (& soon).


1. Thanks to those who came out to Kim's workshop on Sunday! The workshop
was on perspective and explored writing the same piece from multiple points
of view. QUITE COOL.

2. Tonight's meeting is in CC237 at 8pm. Come, share da poetree or just
listen, laugh, weep, snap. We will be talking about ZINEZ and future events
after Spring Break! Get essited.


a few things!!!

a. we had a really cool little (in terms of people, not in terms of sweet
poetry) workshop this past sunday where we experimented with collaging*,
lamented about the [lack of] spring and helped each other with a
'popcorning'-style
poetry exercise*! thank you thank you to all who came and collaborated!!!

b. our wonderful weekly meeting is tomorrow at 8pm in CC 237, come share,
listen, hang, be around good ppl, you know the drill

c. the FOCUS showcase is this Sunday, April 12th & we want you poets
involved !! the event itself is from 7:15pm-8:45pm, and we have a 20 minute
slot within that time. preference is given to FOCUS students -- those who
are interested please email Hannah at hamatsunaga@vassar.edu!!

d. have a mellow rest of your monday [?][?][?]


1. Workshop on Sunday will be at 4pm in CC 240! It will be led by the
lovely ~Rosa~! yayaya

2. The FOCUS showcase is this Sunday, April 12th & we want you poets
involved !! The event itself is from 7:15pm-8:45pm, and we have a 20 minute
slot within that time. Preference is given to FOCUS students -- those who
are interested please email Hannah at 

3. Next Friday, April 17th at 8:00pm in Rocky 200 Wordsmiths, The Africana
Studies Department, and Women's Center are hosting a lovely night of
performance poetry with the CUPSI team, who will be sharing the work we
brought to Virginia and more, and featuring internationally-renowned
artist Safia
Elhillo, a Sudanese-American poet who we are SO excited to bring to campus.
Don't miss this!!!

Make sure to check out the Facebook event!


1. Workshop today will be from 4-5pm and it will be OUTSIDE. Tralala SUN.
Let's meet on the Retreat patio and decide from there where/if we want to
venture elsewhere. Try to be on time so we can move elsewhere together! And
make sure to bring a notebook or a charged laptop because outlets are
scarce ~~where the wild things are~~ (that's us. in nature).

2. The FOCUS Showcase is tonight from 7:15-8:45 pm at UPC so come support The
Royal Scales and The Andrew Yim doing that thing they do oh-so-well! The
FOCUS showcase is an opportunity to share art and work from on campus orgs
with newly admitted students of color. Come support!

3. Attached is the poster for the 4th annual CARES Art Show on Tuesday from
5-8pm in the Aula! Check out the poster for more info.

4. SAFIA AND CUPSI SHOWCASE, 5 DAYS AWAY. DON'T MISS IT.


Here's some Safia for you-- cue, awe. 

DON'T MISS
ALL GOOD THINGS
POETS IN SUNSHINE
EXCITING


Thanks to all who came to workshop on Sunday! We had a blast writing
outside on the Chapel lawn and giving each other prompts. Also, shoutout to
mother nature for my sunburn.

1. Tomorrow is our meeting! Don't forget! 8pm in CC237. Let's commune and
share artz please.

2. Before our meeting tomorrow is the CARES showcase which goes from 5-8pm
in the Aula!

3. ALSO-- BUSINESS: We will be holding elections for next year's Wordsmiths
Exec board next Tuesday (4/21)! If you are interested in running for a
position on Wordsmiths Exec, please email ME (that's K. Schu at
keschuster@vassar.edu... ya know, the one constantly filling your inbox
with pesky peppiness and nonsense) BEFORE APRIL 21ST.

4. SAFIA & CUPSI SHOWCASE  tralala

videos of Safia: 
waatch and get stoked for Friday!


Our meeting was super swell!

We wrote about ghosts and talked about how to write a (good) happy poem,
how to "write into the joy," if you will (thanks for that glowing advice,
Hanif Abdurraqib).

Here's Hanif's website full of brilliance!


Have a happy rest of your week, poets and prophets.

DON'T FORGET, SAFIA & CUPSI SHOWCASE-- 3 DAYS AWAY~!!


IS THE DAY

~SAFIA~

CUPSI SHOWCASE

SPECIAL GUEST ARTIST
ALL THE WAY FROM NJ

8-10 TONIGHT, ROCKY 200

pls come.
get a seat early cuz


YOU DONT WANNA MISS IT.



!!


ALSO, does anyone one have a music stand we could borrow for the event
tonight?? or multiple music stands?? we are looking for 2 or 3 if possible!


1. Elections for Wordsmiths Exec Board are this Tuesday! Being on EB is
a great way to get more involved with Wordsmiths and spearhead projects
you're interested in.

The word "Elections" is probably an inaccurate one because I promise that
if you want a spot, it's yours. Email 
 if you're interested in running for a position. We
have boring titles like President and VP Finance, but we also have all
these fun and more amorphous titles like Communications Chair,
Member-at-Large and VP Operations!

Want to run slams but not workshops? Join us. Want to handle workshops and
maybe a zine? Perfect. We recognize ourselves as a group always in flux and
I will literally re-write our constitution so that if you want to just send
emails, you can do that.

2. There is no workshop today because the world is a cruel, unforgiving
place. If you want to write on your own or with other people who are also
sad about a lack of workshop, here are some prompts:

Write an animal
Write a plant

You can do whatever you want with them. (The prompts, I mean. Not plants
and animals. Those are not ours to just fuck around with.)


Aileen has volunteered to lead a workshop! Meet her on the retreat patio at
4 if you're looking for poems.


Thanks to all who came out to support our event on Friday! The audience was
loving and lovely and the performers were glowing. YAY!


1. Meeting tonight! CC 237, 8-9pm. elections! poems! exciting events to
come!


Here is some info from Hannah re: elections tonight, with some [additions]
from me.
2. "Elections for Wordsmiths Exec Board are [*tonight]! Being on EB is a
great way to get more involved with Wordsmiths and spearhead projects
you're interested in.

The word "Elections" is probably an inaccurate one because I promise that if
you want a spot, it's yours. [It's not too late to get involved!]
Email 
 [me] if you're interested in running for a
position. We have boring titles like President and VP Finance, but we also
have all these fun and more amorphous titles like Communications Chair,
Member-at-Large and VP Operations!"
If you're interested in being on exec, make sure to come tonight!

3. Do you write poems about women that you'd like to perform? The Women's
Center has invited Wordsmiths to prepare a half hour set for "Late Night at
the Loeb: Celebrating Women and the Women's Center" on Thursday, May 7! The
event runs from 5:00 - 7:00 and our slot is 5:30-6. Please email me if you
are interested in performing in this event!



Here is a beautiful poem and video by the stunning Aja Monet that Royal
Scales shared with me and that I want to share with you


Congrats to our new Exec!

Hannah Matsunaga
Andrew Yim
Nghiem Tran
Aileen O'Connor
Kim Carlson
Royal Scales (2nd semester)
Rosa Bozhkov (2nd semester)
Gabrielle Miranda

Wordsmiths is just going to keep a glowin' next year and beyond! Can't wait
to watch from afar, friends <3.


Also, if you're feeling down and out, remember that the original "Fantasia"
is on Netflix.


It's WORKSHOP DAY YAYYY!!!

Today's workshop will be from 4-5pm in CC 240!

For today's workshop, bring an old poem or a few (perhaps an old archive
like a notebook or computer). Today we are going to try to
reinvigorate/rewrite/reinvent
old poems to make them something we are proud of today.

If you have ideas/prompts/etc. for how to do this please feel free to bring
them to workshop and we'll throw them into the mixing pot.

Our weekly meeting is tomorrow in CC237 at 8pm--

Bring the poems and good ears for listening.


Today is Wordsmiths final workshop of the semester! And if you're a senior,
final workshop in general! (withholding my tears, it's fine okay).

Join us outside on the Library Lawn at 4 for a workshop led by THE ONE AND
ONLY ROYAL SCALES. (This is my last chance to hype her so just let me).

Let's celebrate the wonderful art we have made and will continue to!

Bring paper, pens, love etc! See you then!

Much love,
K. Schu & WS Exec

I MEANT CHAPEL LAWN

I REPEAT,

CHAPEL LAWN


1. TONIGHT at 8 in CC237 will be our last official Wordsmiths meeting of
the semester (or ever if you're old and crusty like me =[ ). Dont worry! We
will still have informal gatherings in cool places for fun, food, drink,
and always da poems. Keep your eyes out for emails about fun WS
get-togethers in the next couple of weeks BUT tonight is that last time we
will gather in CC237 to let the magic pen lead the way, you know.

2. COME TO THIS EVENT!

"The Women's Center staff would like to invite you to our End of the Year
Celebration, Thursday May 7 from 5-7pm at the Lehman Loeb Art Center
Sculpture Garden (rain location inside the Loeb).

We will be celebrating the accomplishments of the wonderful women of the
senior class with toasts, food and drinks from Main Course, a short
performance from Wordsmiths, and informal mingling. We'll be celebrating
women, but all are invited to attend."


OR just catch Wordsmiths slot from 5:30-6pm! We are organizing a lovely set
of woman power poems from some veterans to the stage and some never before
seen performers!

3. DO YOU WANNA PERFORM IN THE ABOVE EVENT?? You still can! Just shoot me
an email and TRY to make it to a poem practice/playtime tomorrow
(Wednesday) evening from 8-10pm in the Streep studio of the Martel. You
don't have to be there the whole time! Just pop-in when you can to share
your poem for Thursday, receive feedback if you want it, and so that I can
figure out the order for the event.  Whether you can or can't attend that
chill sesh, email me to let me know!

If you have a moment, check out this incredible piece by Danez Smith. A
call to action of sorts:


INVITE YOUR FRIENDS
DON'T MISS THIS!!! 9 Wordsmiths Wonderwomen (Calais, Alex, Ally, Kayleigh,
Nnennia, Storm, Aviva, Hannah, Royal!!!) will be performing from 5:30-6 in
the Loeb Sculpture Garden. These ladies are going to set the Loeb ablaze in
celebration of women power so wear nonflammable clothing and protect the
paintings!


1. Our first meeting will be Tuesday at 8:30 pm in Rocky 212*. Come
with poems or short prose pieces to share! Or if you just want to listen,
that's cool too.

2. Workshop will be next Sunday around 4:00. I'll send out another email
about it before then.

3. Our first event is September 17th! Nate Marshall is coming to perform
and do a workshop. Get excited.



4. If you've graduated or don't want to be on the mailing list, please
reply back and I'll take your name off the list.


Workshop is Sunday from 4-5 pm in Rocky 212*. Come prepare to write
some awesome stuff. We're hoping to make a zine with the poems produced in
workshop at the end of the year.


So Tuesday meeting is at 8:30 pm in Rocky 212*. Again, it's really
chill, so come if you can and share a short piece of writing.

Our first poetry show with Nate Marshall and a special surprise performer
is coming up this Thursday*!

Here's the facebook link: 
Come and invite your friends.


so tonight's the night. The performance will start at 8:30 PM in Rocky
300! It's going to be super awesome. Invite your friends.

There's also a workshop with the poets at 6:30 PM in CC237*. Please
email me back if you would like to attend.

Finally, sunday's workshop is canceled because of serenading. I will send
a reminder in case anyone forgets.

Hope y'all come tonight! See you there.

Hope everyone had a good weekend. Thank you to the peeps who came to the
BreakBeat poets event! It's always good to start off the year with some
poetry.

Anyways, the meeting tonight will start at 8:30 PM in CC237*. That's
basically the second floor, right above the retreat. It's a more cozy
location, so come join.

Additionally, we're creating a zine at the end of the year, and we would
love if y'all could send in your poems*. The deadline for submissions
is November
1st*! Please contact Aileen at  
about this.


So back to workshopping after a good break. This time, Andrew Yim will be
leading the session! We will be meeting at 4 PM in CC237*.

Here's an amazing youtube video of him on Button Poetry!



There's a meeting tonight at 8:30 PM in CC237*. Come share what you're
working on, and remember to send submissions to Aileen for our end of the
year zine! Her email is aioconnor@vassar.edu.

-Nghiem

Hey,

So people are probably busy with midterms, but like if you want to take a
study break and share/listen to poems, come to CC237 at 8:30. I can't
believe break is almost here. I'm so excited.

Also, keep submitting poems and flash fiction to Aileen O'Connor,
aioconnor@vassar.edu. We want to make the coolest zine possible for y'all!


hope ya had a good break. To start off the second half of the semester,
we're changing our meeting time!

From now on, we're going to meet on Wednesday from 4 PM to 5 PM in CC240*.
I know the previous time didn't work for some people, so hopefully this one
is better.

Also remember to keep sending submissions to Aileen.


Meeting on Wednesday from 4 PM to 5 PM in CC240*.

Zine submissions to Aileen: 


Meeting Wednesday 4-5 pm in CC240.

Also this:

The Greens are planning on hosting a campus-wide coffeehouse on Tuesday,
November 17th. The event will kick off with a conversation dinner about
environmental issues and campus sustainability, and then we are hoping to
host student musicians and spoken word poets for an evening of casual
entertainment.

We are reaching out to you to ask if you could please pass on this
opportunity to the Wordsmiths general body to see if anyone would be
interested in performing. Ideally, the poems would be about the
environment, but we will gladly welcome anyone who would like to perform on
our stage.

If anyone is interested in performing, please have them email
haayres@vassar.edu, and we will send more information as we sort out the
details of the event.



Meeting Wednesday from 4-5 pm in CC237 or CC240, whichever doesn't have
people in it. Sharing for first thirty minutes, then small writing workshop
to get folks writing.

Zine deadline is coming up, Nov. 15th! Email 

Also get your best two poems ready for next semester when we're having our
qualifying tournament to go to the College Union Poetry Slam Invitational
in Austin, TX!


Meeting Wednesday from 4-5 PM in CC240*. Again, thirty minutes of sharing
writing you've done, then small writing workshop to produce new material!

Also, the Greens is having their event today.


Reminder: VC Greens Coffeehouse Performance Opportunity TODAY!
Tuesday, 11/17, starting at 5pm in the Faculty Commons (by the ATM in the
Retreat). Please come share your beautiful poems!
Thanks,**VC Greens


Holy moly, tonight's the night. The event is from 8-10 pm.

Come see nationally recognized poets Paul Tran and Hanif Abdurraqib.

There will be an open mic sign up at the start! Please perform your poems
for us.



Hi,

Hope y'all had a good winter break.

Congratulations to the poets who performed at the slam. Y'all were
INCREDIBLE! It takes such guts and awesomeness to do that, and I'm proud of
y'all.

Our first meeting this semester is Monday from 7-8pm in CC237*. Prepare
to share and write.


Meeting tonight from 7-8 pm in CC237*. Hope to see familiar and new faces!


We will be meeting tonight at 7PM in CC237*. Come to share your work
or just listen to some rly wonderful poetry!!

Hope to see you there <3 <3 <3


we're meeting TONIGHT in CC 237 at 7PM*. come share your poems or
listen to everyone else's lovely work!!

a haiku from alex:
"meeting on monday
in CC two-three-seven
poems await you"

be there or be square


reminder that we'll be meeting TONIGHT in CC237 at 7PM*. come do some
listening, some sharing, and maybe some writing*?? whoo knows!

ALSO ALSO ALSO

this WEDNESDAY 3/9 we will be collab-ing with the Women's Center in a
lovely + chill performance/workshop titled Writing about Identity*. please
please please let us know if you are interesting in performing! there are
limited spaces, so contact us ASAP!

HERE  is the event
page!! and a description:

"come eat snacks + watch performances by lovely, talented wordsmiths poets!
after the performances, we'll be holding a writing workshop centred on the
theme of identity.

here's the prompt:
what does identity mean to you? how has this evolved during your time at
vassar? how does identity impact your day to day interactions?"


i hope you all had relaxing & refreshing spring breaks & are back and ready
for some poetry!

we will be meeting, as usual, TONIGHT in CC237 at 7PM*. come to share,
listen, or just tell us about all the fun you had over break!!


hey everyone! i know, two emails in a week, my sincerest apologies. i just
wanted to let you all know that april is [image: Inline image 1] !!

it works like national novel writing month (nanowrimo) which is in
november. the challenge is to write a poem every day for the entire month
of april.

to help you out with that, we've come up with a list of prompts (one per
day) that i will be sending out with your usual weekly email. here are four
to get you through til monday:


   1.

   describe the shape of things in the dark
   2.

   write a poem in the style of a dictionary entry
   3.

   write a blackout poem (where you take a page of writing and make a poem
   by crossing out most words, leaving only your poem)
   4. write about something you were late for


get writing!!


as usual, meeting TONIGHT at 7PM in CC237*!! come celebrate
NaPoWriMo with us!!


here are a batch of prompts to get you writing tomorrow through next meeting


   1.

   write about specific lighting
   2.

   describe sensory experiences in the language of the other senses
   3.

   write a poem about spring cleaning
   4.

   write about voicemails (write in voicemails)
   5.

   Take a metaphor and extend it as far as you can (research helps!)
   6.

   Write a poem with very specific numbers in it
   7.

   Write a poem set in an alternate universe


meeting tonight as usual at 7pm in CC237

here are some prompts to get you through the week starting today if you
need help!! (sorry about missing last week)


   1.

   write about specific lighting
   2.

   describe sensory experiences in the language of the other senses
   3.

   write a poem about spring cleaning
   4.

   write about voicemails (write in voicemails)
   5.

   take a metaphor and extend it as far as you can (research helps!)
   6.

   write a poem with very specific numbers in it
   7.

   write a poem set in an alternate universe
   8.

   write a poem about a dragon


so i accidentally sent the same prompts from last week in the last email
because i lost it somehow, my sincerest apologies

here are new ones


   1.

   Write about armor
   2.

   WRITE ABOUT FRUIT
   3.

   Write a narrative poem
   4.

   Write a dialogue poem - at least two voices speaking
   5. Give a definition to a word that doesn’t yet exist
   6. Write about a dream you haven't had
   7. Find a poem you wrote a long time ago: rewrite it using none of the
   same words


<3 <3 <3


hope napowrimo is treating you all well or at least prompting you to write
and read some wonderful poetry!!

meeting tonight in CC 237 at 7pm*. we'll be deciding next year's exec
board*, so if you're at all interested in being involved in leadership,
come and talk to us <3 <3 <3

ALSO if you are at all interested in performing your poetry, there is a
really interesting performance opportunity coming up next week - come to
the meeting tonight to learn more!

ALSO ALSO ALSO SUPER EXCITING STUFF: [image: Inline image 2]

THIS SATURDAY, the 23RD, is our very first wordsmiths SENIOR SHOWCASE!!!
come see some incredible, phenomenal, stupendous, downright FANTASTIC poets
perform their original work.

RSVP to the fb event here
!!
from the event page:

Please join Wordsmiths in celebrating our talented Seniors!

This might be your last chance to see Andrew Yim, Mike Fracentese, Cheikh
Athj, Nghiem Tran, Aileen O'Connor, and Hannah Matsunaga perform poetry at
Vassar College! Please come through to Rocky 300 on April 23rd at 6:30 pm
to hear some of the dopest poetry ever written then read aloud. What better
way to end National Poetry Month?

and to close off, here are your weekly prompts!

1. write a sonnet - any rhyme scheme, any meter (for a challenge try to do
perfect iambic pentameter, but it's not necessary)
2. find the last picture you took and write a poem that describes it in
vivid detail
3. write a poem that in some way incorporates the concept of
mirrors/mirroring
4. write a love letter to the last person you talked to
5. write a hate letter to the last person you talked to
6. write a poem about math
7. it's stunning out today - get into the spring excitement and write the
most cliche flower poem possible. pull out all the stops.



1) Congratulations to Vassar's new CUPSI 2015 slam team! Great work to
Royal Scales, Libby White, Cheikh Athj, Kelly Schuster, Ellie Vamos and our
Grand Slam champion, Andrew Yim! Ya'll are some great poets and hope the
work moves forward to unite us. For those that competed, we love your work
and we applaud the poets, not the score! You are all beautiful and am
looking forward to seeing you soon.

2) Wordsmiths meeting*: Is happening Wednesday at 3:30pm in the Women's
Center*. Share some poetry and have a chill time before break!

3) 6:00-7:00pm: Hummingbirds, Drive-bys y vuelos a lo olvidado: A Thesis
Reading (Location TBD)

Hummingbirds, Drive-bys y vuelos a lo olvidado is a collection of poetry
that comprises my Vassar experience as a Chicano, Mexicano, Latino student
and poses a space of performance, resistance, and struggle.  It is a work
in progress, generating a special process, only to profess truths that
aren’t told enough.  Food and drinks will be provided.  For updates when
location is decided, see:

Hosted by Leonel Torres & Professor Kiese Laymon.


Good luck with finals and enjoy the semester!! We'll reconvene next
semester with lots of love and poetry!!!

